Eri lay naked on Takeshi's bed, wrapped within the blankets. She stared vacantly at the floral pattern on the ceiling above her. The usual spot she stared at when she had nothing to say or couldn't fall asleep. Takeshi gazed out the window, with a cigarette tucked between his lips. The room was completely quiet except for a clicking noise coming from the A/C. The continuous sound reverberated through the room, like the signal of a satellite traveling through the cosmos.

"So, how are things in the restaurant?" Eri asked, wondering why the hell she was talking about work after sex.

"Fine," Takeshi said. "The place is gaining popularity. But that also means more work. I'm coming back home at eleven almost every day. It's damn tiring. And the old fart won't pay us the extra hours."

"Why don't you find something else? You've been doing this for a while. I bet you can find something better."

"It's hard to find a job these days. What if I quit and can't find another one? And you know I'm barely keeping up with the rent. I don't wanna end up living in a park, sleeping on a bench and drinking cheap sake in a paper bag."

Eri laughed. "That'd never happen. No matter what, you can always stay at my place."

"You sure?" Takeshi asked. "You lost your teaching job last month. How would you maintain the two of us?"

"It's all right," Eri said. "Remember I saved some money."

"Still, I don't think it would be a good idea. You know what they say: living together before marriage kill relationships."

"Isn't that better than freezing to death in the street?"

"You got a point there." Takeshi massaged a tiny red blotch on the back of his neck. "But anyway, I better stay in the restaurant for now. I'll discuss the time issue with my boss."

The room fell quiet again. An ambulance could be heard at the distance, it's sound growing louder and louder, then gradually fading into the silence of the night.

"By the way," Eri suddenly said, "is that new waitress still bothering you? You know, the one who talks to you all the time?"

Takeshi turned to look at Eri, took a drag on his cigarette, and crushed it in the ashtray on the table. "What, you're jealous?"

"Nah," Eri said, in a flat tone, "just asking."

"She's just talkative, that's all," Takeshi said. "Besides, she's new, so she wants to learn as much as she can."

"I see."

Takeshi laughed. "You're strange tonight. You don't usually ask these kind of questions.

Eri rubbed the top of her head. "What kind of questions?"

"Questions that insecure people ask."

"I'm not insecure---am I?"

"Of course not," Takeshi said with a lopsided smile. "So something else's bothering you?"

"Uh, well, not exactly." Eri lifted her hand off her head. "I just haven't been feeling myself lately. I don't know, it's like I'm in an island in the middle of the ocean. And I'm stuck there, unable to communicate with the rest of the world."

"Unable to communicate with the rest of the world," Takeshi parroted. What he usally did when not understanding something.

"Yeah, I feel people want to hear me, but not actually *listen* to me."

"We all have periods like that," Takeshi assured her. "Don't worry too much. It'll go away by itself."

"Yeah," Eri murmured. "Probably."

Takeshi tapped another cigarette from his pack and lit up. He inhaled deeply, then released a thin stream of smoke. Eri watched it dissipate bit by bit into the air.

"That's right," Takeshi said, clicking his fingers. "I forgot to ask you---did you feel the earthquake last night?"

Eri stared at Takeshi with her lips slightly parted. You too? She could barely believe it. *Am I the only one who didn't feel the earthquake?* she wondered. *The only one in the entire city?*

"No," Eri said, shaking her head absently. "I didn't."

"Really?" Takeshi said, as though talking about the weather. "It was  huge. My laptop, my fan, almost everything fell to the floor. You should have seen this place, it was a complete mess. How's your apartment?"

"As if nothing had happened," Eri replied.

"Lucky you." Takeshi leaned on the table, crossing his arms and legs. "You know, this makes me think of the 921 Earthquake. It's hard to believe that it destroyed more than six hundred houses. Puff! Just like that. And that it killed more than one hundred thousand of people—leaving the rest trapped in tiny, dark spaces, under piles and piles of concrete. Some hoping for help, others already resigned to die. I think this is proof that the Earth wasn't really made for us. We just happen to be here, perhaps only by accident."

Takeshi paused for a few seconds, then continued.

"Maybe what we see around us isn't as solid as we think. In fact, sometimes I think the concept of 'solid' is just a human thought. Perhaps nothing is really solid in the universe. Instead, everything's constantly breaking apart, taking a new form."

"How about rocks?" Eri said. "They remain the same forever, don't they?"

"If you give them enough time—say a million of years—you'll see them turn into dust, sand, and the like. After that, they'll end up scattered by the wind or washed by the waves in the sea. This happens all the time. It's just that our lives are too short to be witness that change."

Eri grabbed Takeshi's empty whiskey glass from the nightstand and held it in front of her. "So according to you, this is a liquid object?"

"According to my theory, yes."

Eri laughed heartily. "You're good. You should teach philosophy at university."

"Nah, no one likes deep stuff like this."

"Well, *I* do."

"That's why I'm with you," Takeshi said with a grin. Then, he crawled back to bed and kissed Eri's neck. He hadn't acted romantic in a while.

They had sex again. The quiet and comfortable sex they always had. No foreplay, no creative positions; all they did was to wrap their arms around each other, and move at the rhythm of their breathing. This lack of fervor didn't bother Eri, though. Not all couples needed to be crazy in bed. She enjoyed what she had with Takeshi just fine. It made her feel protected, at ease. A little ritual that reminded her she had a cozy home to come back to.

Takeshi began snoring as soon as they finished. Eri slipped on her panties, her red bra, and wriggled herself next to her boyfriend. She tried to sleep. But couldn't. She didn't know why; she was exhausted, and she had no particular thoughts in her mind. Yet her eyeslids refused to close, as if being pulled open with strings by little elves.

Giving up, Eri turned her head to the side. "Takeshi? Are you awake?"

"Only half," he replied, pronouncing the words like a drunk man. "What's wrong?"

"Nothing. I just can't sleep."

"You shouldn't have drunk all that coffee."

"It wasn't coffee. It was cocoa."

"Maybe you shouldn't drink it next time."

Eri didn't reply to that. She just pursed her lips, and returned her gaze back to the ceiling. Then she called him out again. "Takeshi?"

Her boyfriend sighed. "Yes?"

"Can I ask you a question?"

He nodded, his eyes still shut.

"Did you feel like calling me after the earthquake? You know, to check if I was okay?"

Takeshi remained quiet for a moment, probably pondering the question. "Sorry, I was tired yesterday. And busy today. I figured I could ask you when we met."

"Oh. I see."

"But you are okay, right? You said nothing happened to your room."

"Yeah, nothing happened."

"Then there's nothing to worry about."

Eri nodded. "I guess not."

"Well, gonna sleep now," he said, puffing his pillow. "Good night."

Eri returned Takeshi's goodnight, and closed her eyes, entering a darkness even deeper than the room's. On this black canvas, images of cracking walls and swaying ceiling lights began to take shape. Broken plates. Bouncing chairs. *Nothing is solid in this world*. Was this truth? Truth for her inner and outer universe?

Before Eri could reach a conclusion, her thoughts dissolved. And she drifted into a deep, dreamless sleep.
