* Remove this chapter

Eri awoke to the ringing of the alarm clock. She rubbed her eyes and fumbled on the nigthstand, until she managed to turn it off. Eight thirty. Eri lay back again with agroan. Why had Takeshi set the alarm on Sunday? She turned to the side to ask him, but faced a dent on the bed.

Perplexed, she put on her T-shirt and jumped out of bed. She checked in the living room. No sight of De-Shi. The bathroom. Not there, either. Eri glanced around puzzled. *Where did he  go so early?* Takeshi didn't have to work on Sundays, and she was sure he didn't have any appointment today.

Eri fished out her phone from her backpack and check her phone. There was a message from him.

> My boss just called. One of the freezers broke last night so we
> have to move all the food to another one before it gets bad. I
> think I'll spend the whole morning on it. Have breakfast first.
> I'll call u as soon as I'm done.

Eri let out a sigh. His boss had really gone too far this time. Making his employees work on Sunday morning. Takeshi really needed to find a new job. However, Eri knew her boyfriend was right: getting one was becoming harder and harder. They no longer lived in prosperous times where jobs were prentiful. Instead, they now lived in a decaying economy, where one's future was as uncertain as the direction of a leaf blown by the wind.

Eri glanced around the empty room. Being by herself in Takeshi's apartment made her feel strange. This happened whenever she was left alone in someone else's home. She'd feel as if she had been put inside a giant, abandoned turtle shell. And she wouldn't know what to do---just wander around the house, thinking about nothing but the absence of its occupant.

Feeling hungry, Eri went to the kitchen and made a simple breakfast consisting of tuna sandwich and soymilk.

In there, where she caught sight of Takeshi's MacBook. Although he'd told her she could use it freely, she'd never felt the need to do so. But now, something came to her mind. Turning the power on, she sat in front of the laptop and opened Google. Then, after giving it some thought, she typed: June 16 Japan earthquake magnitude 6.

Eri checked each of the results, but they were either about an earthquake of a different magnitude or one that had happened on another date. Neither news, blog, nor government portals had made mention of it. Eri stared at the screen for a moment. She decided to try again, typing Tokyo (her current city) instead of Japan. And to her surprise, something came up.

It was a YouTube video of someone who had recorded the earthquake. The title was Magnitude 6 Earthquake Shakes Tokyo, and the upload date was June 18, 2013. Today's date. Eri's heart started pounding rapidly, and a rush of adrenaline ran through her body. She'd finally found it—real some evidence for the earthquake. Holding her breath, she slid the pointer to the video, and clicked play.

A group of young people appeared on the screen. Probably university students. They were sitting in a restaurant. And judging from the decor, it looked like an expensive one. Cylindrical lamps, fancy candles, flowers, carefully folded napkins, abstract paintings. At their table was a smoked salmon, grilled meat, a plate of sushi, mussels, some salad, a basket with bread, and two bottles of Italian wine. The group seemed to be enjoying some kind of celebration.

A moment later, a girl approached the table. She was carrying a birthday cake with twenty flickering candles on it. They lit up the dim room like a cluster of stars in a night sky.
“Happy Birthday, Rika!” said the girl holding the camera.
Some people clapped and Rika—the short girl sitting on the other end of the table—began to blush. They proceeded to sing “Happy Birthday,” both in Japanese and English.

“Make a wish!” someone finally said.

Rika nodded to the person, closed her eyes, and blew out the candles, making the room return to its original dimness. Applause filled the room once again, and people rose from their seats to congratulate Rika.

Just then, the camera started to shake.

At first Eri though the girl was the one moving it. But then she realized what was in motion was the place.

“What the hell did you wish for?” shouted the guy sitting next to Rika. “The end of the world?”

“No!” Rika said, glancing nervously around. “Just that all of you live a long and prosperous life!”

“It's an earthquake, stupid!” the girl filming said to the guy. “An earthquake!”

Plates and wine glasses scattered. Paintings tumbled to the floor. The crystals of the chandeliers fell like frozen rain. A ceiling light hit the floor, exploding into thousands of glass pieces. Everyone panicked. Some crawled under the tables, others rushed wildly towards the exit. The camera started to move, its image blurred. Then nothing. Only screams and the earthquake's deafening roar.

Finally the image came back, now at floor level, showing the people under the tables. The walls continued rattling violently.

“Rika!” someone yelled out. “What you're doing?”
The camera raised immediately from beneath the table and focused on Rika. She was staring hypnotically at the ceiling. Somehow, managing to remain completely still in spite of the shaking. The camera followed her line of vision, revealing a huge chandelier. It was swinging right above Rika, who seemed totally unaware of its danger.

“Move away! Rika!” the girl with the camera shouted. Move away!”

But she didn't move. She just kept gazing straight up. Eyes expressionless. It was as if her soul had escaped from her body, leaving nothing but an empty shell. Suddenly, the trembling increased its power. Rika lost her balance and tumbled to the floor. Windows shattered and dust covered the air. There was a scream—then, the image was cut.

The video showed a few black frames. Some text appeared after that: Rika Okada (1989~2008).

Eri stared at date, but all she saw were letters and numbers. It was only when she recovered from her shock that she became aware of its meaning. Eri shut her eyes and opened them again. There was no doubt of it; the video had been filmed in 2008—almost four years ago. Eri lowered her head, feeling disappointed. But immediately a sense of guilt came over her. How can I be so selfish? she thought. The girl in the video died, and I'm feeling bad because I got the wrong earthquake footage?

Eri raised her eyes to the screen again. What a terrible thing it must be for an earthquake to hit right on your birthday. She wondered how often that happened. Maybe earthquakes were completely indifferent to what was important to people. Celebrations, special days. Perhaps, to them, they were no more than little ants scurrying around up on the surface. The thought made Eri shiver.

As she closed the laptop, her stomach started to growl. That's right. She hadn't eaten breakfast yet. She'd been so absorbed in the video that she had completely forgotten about it. Eri got up slowly from the sofa and then, giving the laptop a final glance, prepared herself to go out.

* * *

The sun caressed Eri's skin as she wandered through the alley. It felt comfortable, like a warm blanket enveloping her entire body. But she knew it wouldn't be for long; winter was approaching, and the sun would no longer be enough to warm her anymore. Eri walked until she spotted a coffee shop on her right side. The sign outside read The Milky Way. Except for the name, the place looked like a typical café: large glass window, white tables with parasols, and a blackboard with today's specials. Although Eri had been in this area many times before, this was the first time she'd seen this place. She decided to give it a try.

Inside, the place looked like nothing Eri had expected. The walls were decorated with stars patterns of various sizes and colors. Small planet models hung all around the shop. Painted in the ceiling was every known sign and constellation, their shape traced beautifully with glowing white lines. Eri wondered whether there were coffee shops and restaurants in other galaxies. She imagined them opened on floating asteroids, or in the rest area of cosmic highways. Since the universe was so infinitely large, how couldn't there be at least one or two?

Eri ordered a tuna sandwich and a latte from the old lady behind the counter and went to sit at the back. While waiting for her food, she noticed a pile of newspapers on the next table. She brought them back to her seat, and began scanning each headline.

Typhoon Jelawat Kills 62 in Okinawa. Dangerous Toxin Found in Fish for Sale. Price of Rice Raised. Employment Rate Going Down. Eri folded the newspaper and moved to the next one. Taxi Collides with Car Causing 5 Deaths. Man Arrested for Trying to Rob a McDonald's. Temperatures forecast to be higher than average for Aug-Sept. Woman Finds Hat in a Tree.

By the time Eri was done, she had read nearly forty headlines. But she had found nothing—not a single article about the earthquake. Why could she never find what she was looking for in the newspapers? The old lady came with Eri's order and put it on the newspaper-covered table. She gave Eri a strange look as she walked away. Taking a bite of her sandwich, Eri pulled her notebook out of her purse, and re-read what she had written yesterday.

Eri, did you feel the earthquake last night?
Are you really sure your apartment's alright?

As though they were some kind of secret code, she examined each of the words. Then she fished for a pen, and added two more lines.

In which planet where you wandering when it came?
Is reality and the world as you know still the same?

Eri put down her pen and sipped her coffee. Now it was time to think about the title. She had the habit of coming out with one right away. But what should she name it? Eri stared at page, her eyes narrowed in utmost concentration. Finally she held up her hand and wrote: Ghost Earthquake.

She wasn't quite sure why, but that's how she saw the earthquake—like a lurking spirit that followed wherever she went, keeping itself well hidden, deep in the darkest shadows of the city. Or maybe there was no need for it to do so. Since it didn't have a visible form. But if that was the case, how could she be sure of its existence? Besides, she had learned about it from the people around her. She didn't actually see it with her own eyes.

Eri continued eating her breakfast, staring up at the dazzling ceiling. Only then did she notice the little Earth model above her head. It was swinging slightly from side to side, like a pendulum. Probably due to the soft breeze that came from the window. Eri thought if there were little people living in it, they would be experiencing earthquakes all the time. Or maybe, they would have been so used to the movement that they'd no longer feel it. They'd just go on with their little lives: eating their little meals, going to their little jobs, and spending time with their little families.

Wait—family. Eri could hardly believe it; she had been so busy with the earthquake she'd completely forgotten to check if her parents were OK. She immediately grabbed her phone, and called home. The phone rang for a couple of seconds, then someone picked up. It was Eri's dad. Weird, Eri thought. Shouldn't he be at work?

“Eri, glad you called,” he said, sounding worried. “I tried reaching you, but the operator said your number was out of service."

“Oh,” Eri said, remembering about that. “I changed my company so I have a new one. Sorry. Forgot to tell you."

“That's OK,” Eri's dad said. “Just wanted to make sure your were OK. How's your apartment?"

“Everything's alright.”

“What a relief.”

“How about home?”

“A couple of shelves fell down,” her father said, “and there's a small crack on the ceiling. Fortunately that was all.”

“I see.” Eri said, relieved. “Hey, can I speak with mom?”
"Well, she's not at home."

"Where is she?"

Eri heard a sigh from the other side of the line. There was a brief silence, then her father said, "She's at the hospital—having some tests done."

"Tests?" Eri said with a frown. "What kind of tests?"

“Can you come home for dinner today?" Eri's father asked.

"We'll tell you everything once you're here."

Eri stared vacantly out of the window. “Uh, sure.”

They agreed to meet at five at Akigawa Station. Her father would pick her up at the station, as he always did. After saying goodbye to him, Eri hung up the phone. The metal case felt strangely cold in her palm, like the skin of a poisonous snake. Her mother was undergoing some medical examinations. And they were probably not just regular check-ups. Otherwise, her father would have just talked about them over the phone.
It never occurred to Eri that her mom would ever get seriously ill. Somehow, the possibility had never existed in her mind. But it happens, she told herself. More often than I think. But Eri decided that it was probably nothing. Besides, there were all kinds of tests—and not all of them had to do with a fatal disease.

Even tough Eri had eaten practically nothing, she didn't feel hungry anymore. So she just left her sandwich and coffee on the table, payed at the counter, and then rushed out the door.
