Eri awoke to the ringing of the alarm clock. She rubbed her eyes and fumbled on the nigthstand, until she managed to turn it off. Eight thirty. Eri lay back again with agroan. Why had Takeshi set the alarm on Sunday? She turned to the side to ask him, but faced a dent on the bed.

Perplexed, she put on her T-shirt and jumped out of bed. She checked in the living room. No sight of De-Shi. The bathroom. Not there, either. Eri glanced around puzzled. *Where did he go so early?* Takeshi didn't have to work on Sundays, and she was sure he didn't have any appointment today.

Eri fished out her phone from her backpack and check her phone. There was a message from him.

> Boss just called. One of the freezers broke last night. We
> have to move all the food to another one. Will probably
> spend the whole morning on it. Have breakfast first.
> Call you as soon as I'm done.

Eri let out a sigh. His boss had really gone too far this time---making his employees work on Sunday morning! Takeshi really needed to find a new job. However, he was right: getting one was becoming harder and harder. They no longer lived in prosperous period where jobs were prentiful. Instead, they now lived in a decaying economy, where one's future was as uncertain as the direction of a leaf blown by the wind.

She glanced around the empty room. Being by herself in Takeshi's apartment made her feel strange. This happened whenever she was left alone in someone else's home. She'd feel as if she had been put inside a giant, abandoned turtle shell. And she wouldn't know what to do---just wander around the house, thinking about nothing but the absence of its occupant.

Feeling hungry, Eri stumbled to the kitchen and made herself some pancakes and soymilk---what she usually ate with Deshi in the morning. This time he wasn't here. So she would have to eat the pancakes alone. Was there something more lonely than that? Eating pancakes alone?

After finishing cooking them, she carried them to the rectangular glass table in the living room. The one that was too small to use sitting on a chair and too high to use squating on the floor. Eri preferred to crouch.

While biting on a pancake, Eri caught sight of Takeshi's black laptop (he had the habit of using it while eating). She'd never used it. Although he'd told her she could do so freely, she'd never felt the need to do so.

But today, something popped up in Eri's mind. She switched on the laptop and opened the web browser.

With the shiny screen glowing in front of her, she tapped her fingers on the glass table. Making a good Internet search was like writing a poems. An art by itself. She had to find the exact words that would lead her to the exact result. One word more, one more less and she'd find herself adrift in an ocean of information.

Eri decided to begin wih the obvious and simple: Earthquake Taipei. After clicking ^^Enter^^, she read the title of each result. *List of earthquakes in Taiwan. Wikipedia. Magnitude 4.6 earthquake rocks southern Taiwan. 5 days ago.* No, bad start.

She decided to be more specific: Magnitude 6 earthquake Taipei.

*Magnitude-4.8 earthquake shakes Hualien. Taiwan earthquakes in 2016. Wikipedia.* Eri clicked the second link, but didn't find any earthquake that had struck two days ago. May 16. Damn, finding this earthquake was harder than finding a needle in a haystack. A seismic needle.

Sitting on the freezing floor to rest her legs, Eri thought about why her hunt had turned out fruitless so far. Maybe she was using the wrong keywords? Maybe the earthquake had been too recent? Or maybe a magnitude six wasn't enough to get people talk or even become interested about it. For news to be rating-worthy, there had to be blood, pain, misery.

The only person who cared about it was Eri. She had been the only casualty.

Eri's eyes were starting to sting, so she decided to switch screen and pixels with paper and ink. She fumbled inside her backpack. Pulled out her blue poem notebook. She called it Eri's Alter Ego, because every time she wrote in it, she felt as if someone else was doing the work. Someone deep inside her. Someone living and feeding from her dark thoughts.

After crouching up and digging out her pencil from the notebook's coil, she began scribbling.

> Eri, did you feel the earthquake last night?
> Are you really sure your apartment's alright?
> In which planet where you wandering when it came?
> Is reality and the world as you know still the same?

Eri dropped her pencil, shocked. Once again, the words had come out so smoothly. She didn't have to edit the words a single time. They had just come to her from the sky. Or from the ground. Well, she---or her alter ego---always wrote better under the shadow of anguish and sadness. Which made sense: it is our pain and misery what we really want to share---because it defines us. They are the bricks that made up our house. The bricks that we carry under the burning sun, at the top of freezing mountains.

But what was troubling Eri? An earthquake she hadn't even felt? Yes, it sounded ridiculous. But she felt she would never be at peace if she didn't find out why---why she'd been the only one in the city who had missed it. By not being part of this remarkable event, she felt as if she were no longer part of the world. As if she had fallen down from it's timeline. As if her page in its history had been torn away.

She had to dig out the truth.

Eri flipped open the laptop again. Again, she tapped her fingers on the table, thinking about the correct words. This would take her more time than she'd imagined. Wait, time. How could she omit such an important detail like that? Perhaps she'd been too focused on *what* instead of *when*. Her fingers began moving immediately.

 May 16 Magnitude 6 earthquake Taipei.

She read the results one by one. *May 12*. *16 days ago*. Bingo.

Earthquake. May 16.

Her heart trembling with expectation, Eri visited the page. It was a video and photography blog, of a wide variety of themes. Landscapes, cities, people, animals. The title read ^^Frozen Moments^^; the tagline underneath, ^^Turning the temporary into forever.^^ The work was amazing. It captured the very heart of the moment. The innermost essence. Eri particularly liked the photo of a woman standing at the subway entrance. She wore a blue wool hat, a matching coat, and a short violet scarf. A completely common sight. However, in her zoomed-in expression--- her inclined brows, her parted lips---you could see that she was waiting for someone. Worriedly. Expectatenly.

*Stop it,* Eri told herself, *Remember why you're here.* She scrolled down and down, until she finally found the video at the bottom of the page. The owner of the blog said that this was a recording of the earthquake that had struck Taipei on May 16. He apologized for the delay, explaining that he hadn't been able to get online. Wow, he must had been in a very remote place. A cave? A mountain? It was strange since nowaways you can even get Intenet access from the tomb. Well, none of her business. She clicked the ^^Play^^ circle in the middle. A loading ring began to spin. Then bright white text appeared.

*Sorry, but we cannot display the item you requested to view.*

What? Eri refreshed the page and clicked again. Refreshed the page and clicked again. She did this until her index finger hurt and her eyes became teary from staring at the flashing screen without blinking. No use.

Eri groaned and stared listessly at the blurry brown ceiling. Maybe the video didn't upload correctly. Or maybe the creator of the blog---for one reason or another---decided to remove the video. But why? It was just the footage of an earthquake. Unless it had something he didn't want others to see. Something that made him delete the video in the last minute.

Eating her last pancake, Eri thought about what to do next. No matter how many times she refreshed and clicked, the video wouldn't magically load. And she couldn't ask the guy about it.

Wait. She could.

Quickly, Eri scrolled back up and clicked the ^^About^^ link of the blog. Bingo. Right at the end of the mini-biography of De-Shi---the author of the blog---was his email. Eri copied the address and began typing her message. But what was she supposed to write? *Hey, hi. I found your blog while searching about the earthquake that struck on Sunday. I didn't feel it. So I want to see your video to make sure it really happened.* Eri flinched at her thoughts. No, the De-Shi would think she was crazy---which was probably truth, but she didn't want the guy to know. People are less likely to cooperate with you if you show signs of insanity. So she wrote the email carefully, her poet's soul making her edit it seven times.

*Hi, my name's Eri. I'm a big fan of your blog. I follow it everyday! I'm writing to ask you if you could send me the last video that you posted. What happen is, I'm making a documental about all the earthquakes in Taiwan. It's a very precious personal project. So I'll greatly appreciate your colaboration. I'll be waiting for your reply!*

Eri read the email one last time and clicked ^^Send^^. *Precious personal project*. What a joke. But she could never resist writing alliteration when it came to her, even if it made her sentences sound dumb. Did many people suffer from this obsession? Was there something called Alliteraholic Anonymous? Anyway, her email had been sent. And sending an email is an un-undoable action. A final decision. All she could do now was to wait. A tedious task. But at least she was on the right track. Finally.

Satified, Eri decided to leave the rest to time. She closed the web brower and was about to turn off the laptop when she noticed another window behind. An instant messenger. Showing a welcome screen. Takeshi had probably forgotten to log out. Well, why would he do that? He didn't know that Eri would use his laptop. Not even *she* did.

Eri continued staring at the welcome screen, her hand still clutching the mouse. No, she wasn't a snoop. She wasn't insecure. Also, even relationships needed privacy. Own space. Eri wasn't about to barge into this room without asking for permission---even if she had the key.

But maybe she could have a little peek?

Hesitantly, Eri clicked the ^^Contacts^^ icon. A stack of faces lined down on the screen. Some people she knew, some she didn't. Others made her wonder how Takeshi had end up knowing them. His co-workers, probably. Takeshi---like her---wasn't a people's person. To him, socializing was a waste of time; he could use that time in a more productive activity. Like work. Which was why he spend so much time at the restaurant. Why he spend so few time in his apartment.

 The next icon was a white clock. *Recent chats.* Eri swallowed, considering Takeshi's privacy again---well, if he didn't have anything to hide, what was the problem? What would he be worried about? Besides, if Takeshi didn't find out, it would be as if it had never happened. Sure, the fact would remain in Eri's mind. But she would eventually forget about it---and when that time came, where would that fact continue to exist? In her cells? In the air?

With this thought in mind---and still tormented by a trace of guilt---she clicked the ^^Recent chats^^ icon. Another list of people popped up on the screen. This time, showing the last message they had exchanged with Takeshi. "What's up." "See you, man." Most of them were male.

Only one was female.

Her photo was a perfect close-up that could have been used in an ID. She had tousled wavy hair that reminded Eri of the raging ocean. Well-shaped nose. White poudery skin. Big, rounded eyes that looked right into your soul. In sum, the kind of girl guys liked to date---guys like Takeshi.

Eri's heart began to beat a hundred miles per second. Takeshi cheating? The situation couldn't sink in her mind; in fact, she'd never seen Takeshi talking to another girl. Not before they had started dating. Not after. The concept felt unreal, of bad taste---like a poorly-written romance script.

No, wait. Just because Takeshi was talking with a girl, didn't mean that he was being unfaithful. It just meant that----he was talking with a girl. She could be his friend, a cousin, or someone at work. Yes, she was probably that! One of the waitresses---but maybe she wasn't. Maybe Eri was wrong about being wrong.

Well, she could find out the truth. She jus thad to read the conversation.

Gathering some courage---an effort that took her almost two minutes---Eri clicked the parting words between De-Shi and the girl. "Okay, see you there." Back and fort chat bubbles filled up the screen. Eri read the conversation slowly, character per character, fearing she would overreact or underreact to something.

> Kaoru: Done with everything?
> Takeshi: Yes, almost.
> Kaoru: That means no. I've already waited for ten minutes.
> Takeshi: Then you can wait for ten more.
> Kaoru: You're such an asshole, you know? Whatever, I'm waiting for you at the house.
> Takeshi: Okay, see you there.

Eri sprang up from the chair, almost flipping over her plate with pancakes. Oh, God. So Takeshi was *indeed* cheating on her. With a girl named Kaoru. And they had met at the her place. But why? They communicated well, rarely fought, and had a healthy sex life. True, they had been meeting less and less, but that was because of Takeshi's work.

Or maybe not. Maybe Takeshi had been busy with something else.

Eri sprawled on the floor and buried her face on her hands. Maybe Takeshi had just gotten tired of her. Didn't that happen to most men? They got tired of your mind and body. Specially your body. Then they'd look for someone fresher, newer, younger. Someone who would give them back that estinguished exitement. That ectasis that had long ended.

Staring at the cuckoo-clock on the wall, Eri thought about how to confront Takeshi. If she could confront him at all.
