Sitting at the table, Eri watched Takeshi as he paced around the kitchen, preparing his mid-night snack. Tuna sandwich. Always with a can of beer. *Takeshi's Tipsty Tuna*, Eri had affectionately baptized the meal. Tonight, though, she didn't have a drop of affection. What filled her blood was coldness. Indifference. Hatred.

"Overtime again?" Eri said flatly to Takeshi's profile. He'd come back to his apartment a little later than the usual late time.

"Yeah." He pulled at the golden can of tuna. The can made a dull, popping sound. "But again, it's like I work overtime everyday."

"Right, and you're becoming busier and busier."

Knife-spreading the paste of the tuna into a white loft of bread, Takeshi said, "Of course, what kind of job gets less and less busy?"

"Maybe the kind you should get."

"And why is that?"

"So you could have a more or less normal life," Eri said with a sarcastic tone.

"Sounds like you don't like my lifestyle."

"Who would?"

Carefully, Takeshi placed his knife and bread on his plate, then turned around. "Okay, okay. What's wrong?"

Eri averted her eyes from him. "Nothing. Why would anything be wrong?"

Takeshi smirked.  "Because you're denying that something is wrong."

Eri let out a sigh. She gave up. Not only her attempt to hide her feelings---but her attempt of being angry with Takeshi. She'd always sucked at it. And anyway, what happened had happened, and had happened because of a reason. No that she wanted to forgive Takeshi. But to Eri, understanding the causes was more useful than condeming the actions. At least she would know truth. Even if it hurt.

"Is something wrong with our relationship?" Eri spat out, now looking at Takeshi in the eyes.

He maintained his gaze. "Why would anything be wrong?"

Eri mulled over the echo of her own question. Should she tell the truth? That she had looked his online conversation without permission? Yeah, shameful---but not as shameful as cheating.

"This is what is wrong," Eri finally said. "Kaoru."

"What?" Takeshi widened his narrowed eyes. "How do you know about her?"

Eri heaved out a sigh. She figured she might as well tell him everything, since there wasn't a way back. Just like there wasn't a way back to her relationship.

She confessed Takeshi everyhing---that she had used his computer, opened his instant messenger, and pried on his conversation with Kaoru. All the while feeling ashamed. But why? Why show guilt and embassasment in front of a cheater? *He* was the one who should have been displaing those feelings."

"I see," Takeshi said when Eri finished talking. "It's all right. I don't mind."

"What?" Eri blurted out, perplexed.

"I told you before---there's nothing to mind if you don't have anything to hide. Yeah, you looked at my private stuff. But I understand that curiosity wins sometimes."

Eri nodded, still baffled. How could Takeshi be so calm? "So how do you feel about that *private stuff*?"

"How should I feel?" Takeshi parroted.

"Like, you don't feel guilt? Shame?"

Takeshi took a bite of tuna sandwich, and downed it with a gulp of beer. "Why should I?"

Eri's body began to tremble. Not because of cold, or fear---but because of hate. *How can he be so indifferent?* She felt something coming out. Tears? A scream? No, what came out was a laughter, one that cracked a hole in the silence of the night. One that scared Eri herself.

 Takeshi smiled. "What's so funny?"

"I just can't believe it," Eri said shaking her head vehemently. "You acting so cool after having cheated on me with that Kaoru."

"Well ..." Takeshi took another bite of sandwich. "I just can't believe you misunderstood the whole thing."

Eri looked up, not really looking but glaring. "I see. Now you're going to denying it."

"I don't have to," Takeshi said, wiping bread crumbles with a tissue, "because there's nothing to deny."

"So you admit you talked to Kaoru?"

"Yeah, I did," he replied.

"And that Kaoru is a woman?"

"Of course she is."

"And that you're having an affair with her?"

Takeshi let out a loud laugh. "No, I would never have an affair with my manager."

It took Eri a few seconds to proccess the words. My. Manager. And then to connect them to the context they belonged.

"You don't expect me to believe that, right?" she said, "It's a pretty lame excuse."

"What did you see in the conversation?"

"She was telling you to hurry up ..."

As though doing an origami, Takeshi folded the tissue neatly on the kitchen counter. "There were a lot of customers that night and one of the waiters had called in sick. She really needed me in the restaurant."

"She told you to meet her at her *house*."

"At *the* house," Takeshi corrected.

"The. Her. What difference does it make?"

"A big one." He took a sip of his beer and placed it soundlessely on the kitchen counter. "You forget that I work at a Steak House?"

Suddenly, Eri felt her body shrink, turn into a raisin. Oh, no. How could she forget? How could she make that mistake? *I'm waiting for you at the house*. Eri had noticed the weirdness of the wording---but maybe her fear and anger had blinded her to the fact. She had constructed a crime, a catastrophe that didn't exist.

"I still don't believe you ..." Eri said out of denial. She didn't actually believe her own words.

"I can call Kaoru if you want." Takeshi took out his silver phone and began tapping on the screen.

"No, no," Eri said, raising her palms. "Please stop."

"I'll take that like a 'I believe you,'" Takeshi said with a grin and tucked his phone back into his pocket.

Her buried her face in the darkness of her hands. "I'm sorry."

"It's all right." Takeshi circled the kitchen counter, sat next to Eri, and placed a warm hand on her shoulder. "A relationship without jealousy isn't a relationship."

Eri nodded, her face still seeing black. Now she was the one who deserved to feel ashamed. "Guess I'm insecure after all."

"Don't worry." He gave her a gently squeeze. "Being insecure if not a sign of weakness. Is a sign of being human."

"But you aren't," Eri whispered.

"I'm not human?" Takeshi said jockingly.

Eri finally looked up, smiling. "You know what I mean."

"I'm insecure sometimes."

"Like when?" she asked.

"Like today." Takeshi pulled out his phone again and showed Eri his recent calls. "You didn't pick up this morning. Seems like I'm not the only one who's busy."

Eri blushed. She had missed the calls because she had been too busy finding out about the earthquake. And hadn't replied because she had been angry.

"I was busy. That's all."

"Doing what?" Takeshi asked.

Like a little cornered animal, Eri stared at De-Shi and wondered if she should tell him about the earthquake. About her hunt. No, he would think she was crazy---even *she* was beginning to question her sanity.

"Uh, like I said---searching some stuff online."

"It must have been something very important," Takeshi said, playfully. "To make you miss my calls."

"I was---wearing headphones."

"You don't have headphones"

"I was wearing yours," Eri stammered.

"I take mine to work."

Eri groaned. Two things she sucked at: getting angry at De-Shi and lying to him.

After a brief silence, Deshi laughed. "It's all right. You don't have to tell me. I understand you have your private things."

"Okay." *Private things*. Eri searched for hints of sarcasm on De-Shi's face, but found none. "So you don't mind ..."

"No," Takeshi said. "I care more about that private thing we share."

Eri blinked at him. "And that is?"

Takeshi smirked. "Lemme show you." He carried Eri across the kitchen, through the dinning room, and finally into his room. There, he laid her on bed and---while kissing her neck---he began to undress her. Hoodie, jeans, bra, panties. One by one they fell to the floor like parachutes from the sky. And where Eri felt she was heading: to the heaven.

They had the same missonary-style sex that night. But this time it was different. Eri could felt Takeshi thrusting deeper than he usually did. Deep, deeep. As though he wanted to merge with her body. Become one. And Eri recieved him openly. Longinly. Like a letter she'd been waiting for long, long time. A letter she wanted to keep dear in her deepest, most imtimate drawer.

Tonight, too, Takeshi feel asleep as soon as he finished his job. *Well, some things never change,* Eri thought as she breathed in Takeshi's cologned-coated chest. But that was okay. After all, what we end up loving about our partners is that. The regularity. If they changed every time, there would be nothing to remember. There would be nothing to miss.

Eri couldn't sleep. She rolled over to faced the ceiling and let out a quiet groan. Again?

But why? She had finally found out the truth about Takeshi and Kaoru, and the truth hadn't hurt. Plus, the flame of her relationship had rekindled---well, at least temporarily. Was there something else bothering her? Something shapeless? Silent?

Eri was delving on this when she heard a sound in the kitchen. *Ting-Ling. Ting-Ling.* What was that? A bell?

"Hey, Takeshi!" Eri shout-whispered to her boyfriend. "Are you awake?"

"Yeah," he mumbled.

"Did that sound wake you up?"

"No, *you* did." Takeshi turned to the side to face her, eyes still closed. "What's sound are you talking about?"

"*Ting-ling.* Like a bell. You didn't hear it?"

Takeshi shook his head, making the pillow quiver. "Maybe it's your imagination."

"I don't imagine things ..."

"Well, pretend you imagined it."

"What if it's someone?" Eri protested.

"The door is closed. Double lock. And we're in the 14th floor. The only bugglar that could be in the apartment is Spiderman."

"But maybe ..."

Takeshi groaned. "Please, I gotta work tomorrow. And you know me: once I open my eyes, it's hard for them to close again."

"Okay," Eri said with a resigned tone. "Let's forget it."

"Thanks." Like a blind man feeling an object, Takeshi patted her arm. "Try to sleep. A rested brain is a worriless brain."

"You think I've been worrying too much lately?"

"Not too much. Just more than before."

Eri let out a sigh. "Okay, I'll go to sleep."

"Good girl." Takeshi patted Eri arm again and returned to his dark silence.

Eri watched Takeshi's lying profile. Maybe he was right. Maybe she had become a worrier. But thinking of it, she had *always* been one---worrying about the past, present, future. Especially the future. To her, it was like a Pandora box, with all kinds of demons hidden inside. Demons that could escape at any moment. To chase her. To kill her.

The demon this time was a bell in the kitchen.

As careful as she could, Eri put on her T-shirt, slid off the bed, and rolled the bedsheet back. Then, squinting her eyes to see in the darkness, she tiptoed toward the door and exited the room.

She slid silently through she dinning room. Once in the kitchen, she stood there, listening. No bell. No sound. Had it been her imagination like Takeshi had said? Was she losing her mind?

But just as Eri was about to go back to bed, she heard it again.

*Ting-Ling. Ting-Ling.*

Her heart pounding, she fumbled on the wall and switched on the light. Every object in the room came into sight. The mini-TV. The over-sized refrigerator. The glistening kitchen counter. The faded wall window. Everything looked still and normal.

Eri glued her eyes to the kitchen table. *There*. Holding her breath, she walked to that direction. Step by step. Until she was face to face with the source of the sound.

Her phone.

With a groan, Eri slumped down on the chair and held her phone before her. A new one. She had brought it two weeks ago after accidentally dropping her old one inside a *ramen* soup. Like a walking stick for the visually impaired or a hearing device for the deaf, it always took her some time to get used to a phone's sounds. To this alien addition to her world.

Wait a minute, the bell must had been a notification.

Eri tapped her phone alive. The light of the brown wallpaper stung her eyes.

An email notification. From De-Shi Tsai.

She gave a jump of joy. Finally. Truth be told, Eri hadn't expected a reply. She hadn't even expected the guy would read her email. *Well, why not?* she thought. *It's unusual, but sometimes things work out exactly the way you want.* Expectant, she tapped open the email.

*Shin-Yi Real Estate Agency.*

Eri blinked at the email. No formality. No content. She skimmed around to see if there was something to click. Some hidden text. Nothing. It just said that, "Shin-Yi Real Estate Agency."

Confused, she continued staring at the solitary line of text. Had De-Shi made a mistake? Had the mail system made a mistake? Not unlikely, but not likely either. Eri could pick the option she liked the most---and be equally correct. But if it hadn't been an error, then it had been intentional. No that didn't make sense. If De-Shi had wanted to contact her, he would have written a clear email. If the opposite, he wouldn't have written an email at all.

Unless he had wanted to contact her without being clear. Which meant that he was being cautious.

Eri placed down her phone on the table. She arranged and rearranged the theories in her mind. Replaced them, removed them, and added fresh new ones. Sound ones. Crazy ones. Until she had a conclusion with a shape that might fit reality. *Maybe there's something important in the recording. Maybe it isn't just about an earthquake.* What that *something* could be, Eri had no idea.

Only one thing she knew.

She had to definitely find out.
