As though she were playing cards, Eri picked up her phone and put it down on her desk. Picked up it up and put it down. Never in her life she had found it so hard to make a call. She wasn't afraid of the questions she would ask, but those that she would have to answer. *Calmn down,* Eri said to heself. They didn't know what she was up to. Heck---not even *Eri* knew.

With this self-conviction in mind, she snatched her phone from her desk, sat down, and pressed ^^Call^^. *Ring. Ring. Ring.* The wait seemed endless. But even infinity had an end, and someone picked up.

"How did you find this number?" scolded a woman.

Eri gasped, almost dropping her phone. "I-I found it on your website. In the contact page. So I thought it was okay to call."

The girl let out a girly laugh. "Just kidding. Relax. I like to joke now and then, to put the client at ease."

"Thanks. It's w-working." Eri wiped a bead of sweat from her damp forehead. "I'm not a client, though."

"You're not looking for a house?"

"I'm looking for someone," Eri explained.

"Look, this is a *real state* agency, not a *dating* agency."

"No, what I meant ..."

The girl giggled again. "Sorry, I couldn't help myself. I'll stop the jokes."

"Thanks," Eri said, relieved. This turned out to be more difficult than she thought.

"Name of the person?" the girl asked.

"De-Shi. De-Shi Tsai."

"Matter or business?"

Eri froze and remained frozen. *Stupid. You should have prepared a plan.* She was so busy being anxious that she forgot do so. No choice. Improvisation time.

"Actually, I *am* looking for a house." Eri wished that, aside of dumb jokes, the girl also had a dumb brain. "What happen is---a friend referred me to De-Shi. He said De-Shi was an excellent expert. Very reliable."

"Okay," she girl said in a friendly tone. She seemed to have believed Eri's retarded lie. "And your name is ... ?"

"Um, Li-Mei---Lin." Making up a name made Eri feel greatly guilty. Anyhow, in a sense, all names were made up.

"All right, Ms. Lin. Please hold on a minute."

Eri waited while listening to the hold music. A Classic piano tune to supposedly tone down the impatience of the caller. Eri found it annoying.

Luckily, the girl came back to the phone after only a few notes. "Still there, Ms. Lin?"

"Yes, yes," Eri blurted out, pressing her phone to her hear, expectantly.

"Are you sure the name is De-Shi Tsai?"

Eri disected this alien question. "Yes, why?"

After a long, lingering silence the girl said, "Because I checked the staff list---and there's no De-Shi Tsai."

"What?" As if being biten in the butt by a bug, Eri sprang up from the chair. "You sure?"

"I checked twice."

Eri thought and re-thought about this. What? So the guy didn't work there? But that couldn't be---the email said Shin-Yi Real Estate Agency. An stranger's email. With no phone, address, or even a greeting. Oh, no. *Eri* was probably the dumb one.

Embarrased, Eri thanked the girl and slumped back on her stone-hard chair. She looked beyond the balcony. Gray filled the sky like dirt on a floor. The sun couldn't be found anywhere, making Eri think about a land without a lord. A wall without a window. A door without a doorknob.

*Shin-Yi Real Estate Agency.* What had been the purpose of the email? Eri thought De-Shi---or whoever had sent it---had wanted her to know where he was. And to call. Or maybe he had hinted her to go to the agency. In person.

And maybe that was what she had to do.

* * *

Eri gazed outside of the subway. Like in the morning, the sky was overcast. Now, however, she could see a speck of sun, peeking from behind a thin, knife-shaped cloud.

She heaved out a sigh, wishing Takeshi had accompanied her. She could have simply asked him to---but then she would have had to explain everything to him. Things she couldn't even explain to herself.

*C'mon, what am I afraid of?* Eri though, rolling up the sleeves of hear heated shirt. *It's a real estate agency. Not the favorite spot for rapist and murderers.* But maybe De-Shi knew that she knew that. And decided to play smart. No, Eri was being paranoid again---though the crux of being paranoid, is that you don't know whether you are being so or not.

To calm herself---and the person inside her---she pulled out Eri's Alter Ego, and began writing what she called *reverse rhymes*. In other words, making the first word rhyme instead of the last one. She did this when she didn't feel like writing traditional poems. When she felt that familiarity wasn't enough to express her foreign feelings.

> Trains travel through dry, endless tunnels underground
> Drains prevent water from accomulating on the surface
> Mind asks, Which one of those objects you are right now?
> Find out if you're crying in the light or dying in the dark

Eri dropped her pen to the floor. Her last poem had surprised her. This one had shocked her. Not only she didn't know where it had come from; she didn't know what it meant. *Crying in the light? Dying in the dark?* This was the first time her own writting had given her the chills, leaving her unable to chill down. What was going on with her? Or with the *another* her?

After a ride that felt like a lifetime, after finally forgeting about her creepy poem, Eri reached her destination. Chiang Shan. An unknown station for her, and as far as she could be from home. To her left, stood a park, with tall-wrinkled pines bending to the exact same direction. A still picture of trees in a typhoon. To her right, sat mansion-like houses with deep yards and tall balconies; shallow ponds and low-hung parking lots. Rich people's residences. Now and then, a sweaty old couple would stroll past Eri. Aside from them, the place was deserted.

Eri found Shin-Yi Real Estate Agency immediately. Just like the website had said, it was behind the park. Wait, was it a real real estate agency? The place looked like a typical building, with typical gray walls, typical windows---so typical indeed that it felt depressing. Maybe that had been the intention of the agency: to show people what they could leave behind. *Or maybe it doesn't look so bad. Maybe I forgot what a proper house is supposed to looks like.*

As though to match the ordinarity outside, the inside was equally ordinary. Waiting sofa. Fax machine. Closed cubicles. The only elements that could be called remarkable, were the posters of buildings that covered the walls. They were dazzling. Some had rooftops so tall they didn't look separated from the sky. Others had grass so shiny Eri had to squint her to look at it. They were of all shapes. Rectangular, circular, cylindrical. Shapes to fit any kind of desire, any kind of dream.

What was Eri's dream home? Few years ago, she could have come up with a concrete answer. Now, she wasn't sure. *I don't know what I want.* Eri thought, still staring at the posters. *No, it's not that. It's just that those things seem so impossible, so far away, that I've convinced myself that I don't want them. Or maybe I don't?*

"Excuse me." A woman's voice snapped Eri out of her thoughts. "May I help you?"

Eri turned to the side to face a woman sitting behind a desk. Deep black eyes. Curly silver hair. There was something motherly about her. Maybe it was her tiny wrinkles, which---more than accentuating her age---gave her an air of strength and vitality.

"Sorry," Eri said, though she didn't know why. Half of the time, she apologized for things that didn't need an apology. "I called this morning and ..."

"And I picked up?"

Eri shook her head. "A girl did."

"And I'm too old to be called a girl, right? I always wondered at what time you stop being a girl and become a woman. Thirty? Forty?"

"I didn't mean to be mean ..."

The woman giggled, telling Eri she was joking. Eri nodded, thinking that at least she had something in with girls.

"So," the woman said, waving at the poster of buildings, "looking for a house?"

"No," Eri replied. "I'm looking for a person. But the girl on the phone told me he isn't working here."

The woman lifted a paited brow. "So you came here to look for someone who isn't here?"

"Well, I thought maybe she had made a mistake. Or that I had said the wrong thing."

"It's okay," the woman said, calmly. "What's the name of this person?"

"De-Shi Tsai."

"De-Shi Tsai?" Like a bedsheet being pulled, the woman's wrinkles tensed. "I know him."

Eri's hope rose from the ashes. "Really? So he's here?"

"He *was*." The woman lowered her mascara-coated eyes. De-Shi's absecece probably saddened her. And Eri felt sad for her. "He used to work here, but quit two weeks ago. The other secretary has only been here for one. That's why she doesn't know about him."

Looking down her sneakers, Eri nodded. She had conflicting emotions. On one hand, she was happy that De-Shi existed. That he had worked here. On the other, she felt confused. Then, who had sent her the email? Why had that person wanted her to come to Shin-Yi Real Estate Agency?

"I hope this isn't too personal a question," the woman said, scrutinizing Eri's lowered face. "But what's your connection with De-Shi?"

Eri froze. She could tell her the truth---about the the blog, the video, the email---but it was as crazy as the story about earthquake. Or Eri could tell a lie. She could tell the woman she was a distant cousin of De-Shi. No, what if the woman knew about his family? What if she knew him for a long time? *Think fast. Think fast.*

"I'm De-Shi's, uh, girlfriend." As soon as the words left her mouth, Eri slapped her face in her mind. Stupid. Why didn't you just say friend?

The woman squinted at Eri, a squint that felt like needles. "You're his girlfriend and you don't know he quit his job two weeks ago? You two must have a serious communication problems."

Seemed like Eri wasn't bad at a lying to Takeshi. She was bad at lying in general. *Think fast. Think fast.*

"What happens is," Eri began, trembling throughout her body. "I borrowed him my camera---and he said he left it here. He should have given it to me personally, I know. But maybe he doesn't want to be personal with me anymore. If you know what I mean."

"I undestand," the woman said, relaxing her eyes and wrinkles. "But I still don't believe----wait, you're *that* girl, right? The one De-Shi was talking about."

Eri's turn to squint. "The girl De-Shi was talking about?"

"The neighboor he said he had met." The woman clapped her hands like a teenage girl. "I never imagined he would go so far---and become so *close* with you. This is really amazing."

It took Eri a moment to catch hold of the situation. "Oh, yes. This is really embarrasing. I didn't know he'd talked about me." She faked a giggle.

"I'm so surprised," the woman said. "He was a reserved guy. A bit cold I would say. I guess he has a sweet side---somewhere buried inside him."

Eri blushed, even though everything was fiction. "Thanks." Wait, did she have to say thanks?

"Okay, enough of flattery." The woman fished a silver key from her drawer---the same color as her hair---and waved Eri to follow her. "I'll take you to De-Shi's office."

Eri nodded, wondering where her lie would take her. Well, she had done it without thinking. And there was no chance to think now.

She followed the woman through a corridor. Gray walls. Brown carpet. So narrow Eri felt claustrophobic. Or maybe her claustrophobia made it look narrow. Enclosed spaces had always made Eri anxious---and the reason she never took the elevator, or stepped into small rooms without windows. To her, not being able to move, not being able to escape was the most terrifying thing in the world. Worse than her fear of heights.

After a never-ending walk, they reached the office. 406. The woman inserted the key in the doorknob and turned the door open. It made a small screech, reverberating through the corrir like the cry of a bat.

"Here we are," the woman said dropping the key into her skirt pocket. "It's all yours."

"You're not coming in with me?" Eri asked wishing the woman would say no.

And she did. "I'd like to, but I can't leave my desk. There are people calling every minute. You know how it is: everyone is looking for a home."

"I understand," Eri said. "I promise not to take long."

The woman held up a hand. "Don't worry. No one is coming here, and no one wants you to go away. So take your time."

Eri thanked the woman and watched her as her dim figure disappeared down the corridor. *De-Shi's girlfriend*. She she had no idea why she had told the woman that. Nor she knew what to do now. Okay, she was already here. She might as well go inside.

The place was as cramped than the corridor outside. What had this real estate agency? A shortage of space? Eri couldn't walk without bumping into folders, boxes, cables. And piles and piles of photographs. Eri recognized them immediately as De-Shi's. They had the same deepness and delicacy she had seen on his website. The kitchens were not only cooking zones, but where mothers prepared their children for school. The bathrooms not only places to shower, but where to start the day. The bedrooms not only sleeping chambers, but where spouses dreamed together.

Watching these photos, Eri felt as if De-Shi wasn't a stranger anymore. Maybe she was starting to believe her lie. That she was actually De-Shi's girlfriend---or the girl that the woman had mentioned. Who was she? Was she with De-Shi right now? Eri even felt some immoral, irrational jelousy.

*Stop it. Come down back to earth. The present.*

Eri searched inside the drawers and around the desk, on top of the closet and under the photographs. The bags, the boxes, even the balcony. Nothing. There was no camera; and why would it be here? Eri had said a lie---one she had crafted to satisfy both the woman and herself. The truth was, the probability of finding the camera was small. Extremely small. As small as----

*Oh, that's right*.

She rushed back to the desk and fumbled inside one of the drawers. The bottom one. In it, there were paperclips, pencils, sticky notes, and, as Eri had previously noticed, a memory card. A tiny memory card. With a tiny label.

^^The Sunday Earthquake ...^^

Eri jumped up the air. What a luck! Heck, she didn't even know that luck existed. But strange. What was the memory card doing here? Maybe it belonged to the company, and, after quiting, De-Shi had decided to leave it where it belonged. Not the most logical explanation, but it was the only one that Eri had.

Wait a second.

The label said, ^^The Sunday Earthquake and the Blood-Red Star.^^ Eri had been too excited to notice that last part, but now that she'd noticed, she didn't know what it meant.*Blood-Red Star?* Eri couldn't see its connection with the earthquake---actually, she couldn't see its connection with anything on Earth. Only one thing was clear; she had been right---the recording wasn't just about an earthquake. It was something more. Maybe something more shocking than an earthquake.

Excited, Eri tucked the memory card in her jean's pocket and headed toward the door. When she opened it, howerer, she faced a chest instead of a hallway.

Eri jumped back with a squeal. Before her, was a hefty man almost as high as the door. He'd have to bend down to come in. A real golem. He even had brown and cracked skin like the mytological creature. As if to create contrast to his apperance, he wore short yellow pants, a red flannel shirt, and Superman cap. Dammit. Eri had only two choices: to try to pass through him, or to spin around and jump out of the window. Okay, maybe staying still was a better idea.

"What are you doing here?" the Golem asked. His voice was dry and toneless; he might as well been reading aloud the newspaper.

Eri swallowed, taking two steps back. "I'm here ... looking for De-Shi."

"De-Shi?" His tone betrayed familiarity to the name. "And you are ... ?"

"I'm---his girlfriend," Eri said, continuing the previous game. She had already started it, so she couldn't just stop it.

"Well, that's funny." The man closed the door behind him with a thud. Also closing Eri's hope to escape. "Because De-Shi don't have a girlfriend."

"I mean, I-I'm his ex-girlfriend."

"Doesn't have an ex-girlfriend, either."

Eri swallowed again, though this time only dry air. "Every man has an ex-girlfriend."

The man grinned. "Not one who has never had a relationship before."

Eri took another two steps back. *Oh, God.* She wished Takeshi or Yuki were here---or that she weren't here. But she was. And alone.

"Wait a sec," the man said, as though spotting strange spot on Eri's face. "Are you Eri?"

Eri examined him, surprised. "Yeah. How do you know?"

The man hobbled to the folding chair at the desk and waved Eri to sit in the one next to the door. Noticing her hesitation, he said, "Don't worry. This isn't a action movie. I'm not going to grab you or chase you. As a proof of that, I'm seating here---you can run out the door any time."

Still a little skeptic, Eri looked at the door and then back to the guy. "Even if you're harmless, why should I want to stay?"

"Because I'm the one who replied your email."

Eri tilted her head to the side. "I don't understand. So, you're De-Shi?"

"No," he said, crossing his trunk-thick legs. "His friend."

"So why are you using his email?" Eri asked.

"Well, that's a long story." The man waved to the chair again. "So you might want to sit down."

Nodding, Eri walked to the chair and sat on it. It was wobbly. Just like her trust for the man. However, like it or not, for better or worse, he was her only lead to De-Shi. To Sunday's earthquake. So she had no choice but to choose to listen.
