* Turn this into third person narration?

Eri and the man sat in silence for a long time, as though two family members that hadn't talked in a while and didn't have anything to say to each other. The sun streamed in through the window as a faint yellow light, tinting everything. The nostalgic color---and the piles of stuff scattered everywhere---made the room look like the ruins of a ancient city. And she and the man were the archeologists excavating the site.

"Sorry, I didn't introduce myself," said the hefty man. The typical introduction after forgetting the introduction. "My name's Goung. And I work as a real estate agent here in Shin-Yi Real Estate Agency---I know what you're thinking: how did this Hulk end up being one? I thought real estate agents where slender men or women in a suit."

Eri nodded, a bit ashamed. She was *indeed* thinking that. She could only imagine him driving a bulldozer, or being the bulldozer himself.

"Truth be told, I never imagined I'd end up being one." As if examining what they had done over the years, Guong looked at his hands. "I didn't even have the slighest interest in selling houses. Hell, I didn't even have a house myself."

Eri cocked her head. "What do you mean?"

"Literally that. I didn't have a house, which made me fit the definition of homeless."

"Oh---cool," Eri said, unsure if it that'd been the right reaction. Probably not.

Silent surrounded the room for a moment. Far in the distance, an ambulance began to wail. Someone was battling or surronding to life.

"Sorry, I still don't get it." Eri rubbed softly the top of her head. "De-Shi ... Shin-Yi Real Estate Agency ... a homeless."

Guong let out a low, gluttunal laugh. "I know, it doesn't make much sense---and it'll make even less sense after I explain it to you."

"I don't mind. I want to know." Normally, Eri wouldn't be interested in this kind of nonesense. But now she did. Maybe because Guong was connected to De-Shi. And De-Shi to the earthquake. And the earthquake to her.

"Okay."  Guong hauled himself up, and began pacing back and fort in the middle of the room. Maybe he thought and expressed himself better while in motion. "My *spot* at that time was an underground pass in Taipei Train Station. There, I had a tatami mat and a small kart filled with stuff that wasn't good enough to use or bad enough to throw away. Yes, even homeless suffer from ... how do you call this?"

"Stuff-storage sickness?" Eri suggested.

Guong laughed again. "Not sure if it's correct, but I like the sound of it. *Stuff-storage sickeness*. I also had an ukulele---which I used to earn my tips."

"You sang?" Eri said, surprised, trying to supress her surprise.

Guong smiled. "Seems like I'm a stereotype breaker. Yes, I sang American songs with my ukulele. I did and I was quite sucessful---if that can be called success at all. In short, I earned enough for three meal a day, sometimes even to treat myself a KFC or McDonalds. Yes, the homeless have fast-food sickness, too."

"Still, sounds tough ..." Eri commented.

"That's what I thought at the time. Now I've changed my mind. Sure, when you're homeless you lack, food, clothes, security. But there's other stuff that you don't have. Rent, mortage, water and electricity bills, without mentioning that you're paying all that with a job you probably hate. One that you could leave if you weren't so in love with the comfort it gives you."

"But you liked yours?"

"You could say that. The singing part more than the begging part. I enjoyed the fact that I could sing anything I wanted, where I wanted, and whenever I wanted. It was the closest thing to a free job that I've ever had. Which doesn't mean it was *ideal*. There were many hardships, too. Like typhoon days. The worse being the one when I met De-Shi."

Eri frowned. De-Shi Shin-Yi. Real Estate agency. A homeless. A typhon. Guong was right: the story was making less and less sense. Or becoming more and more difficult to predict.

"The typhoon that day was terrible. Strong enough to bend trees. Thumble down motocycles. An of course---dangerous enough for people to avoid going out. So that day it was just me and my ukulele. I played anyway, though just to myself. And the wind. It wasn't so bad in the morning---I even enjoyed the rare solitude. I had the underpass all for myself.

"But as sunlight increased---as well as my hunger---panic came. And the possibility to spend the whole day without a single bite---have you ever experienced something like that?"

Eri shook her head. The closest thing was once when she had a fight with Takeshi. Enraged, she'd locked herself in De-Shi's guestroom, while her boyfriend sat in the kitchen with a beer. Fear. Pride. Eri wasn't sure what did it, but she resolved not to get out of the room until Takeshi said sorry. But the apology never came. So she stayed there from dinnertime---a dinner she hadn't ate---to bedtime. Finally, driven by hunger, she came out (and apologized to De-Shi herself).

"It's a good experience," Guong continued, "though one I don't recomend to anyone. When you don't have money to buy food, your mind changes. It goes from *alive* mode to *survive* mode. You fear. You panic. And everything else goes away---pride, shame, manners---you become the animal that you always were. With only one target: to get food. No matter how."

"Even by stealing?" Eri asked, curious.

"I'd say that isn't the last measure. But the *first* one. No one will give you food for free. Hell---no one will give you anything for free. Life's a battlefield. Survival of the fittest. So you either steal from someone. Or from a trash can."

Eri grimaced, sure of making an about-to-vomit face.

Noticing this, Guong laughed. "It's not as bad as you think. I've found almost full pizzas at Pizza Hut. Warm hamburgers near the 7-Elevens. Trust me, the world isn't in a food-saving campaign. Or a world-saving one, for the matter.

"That day, though, I couldn't find anything. Not in McDonalds, restaurants, not even in 7-Eleven. Not surprising. Since restaurants had closed because of the typhoon. It didn't help that the typhoon had temporarily stopped. I panicked more. And I felt so hungry my stomach turned into a knot. I could've eaten anything, even rotten food. Just to stop the pain."

It was the man's turn to grimace. This part of homelessness didn't look very appealing.

"As a last resort, I went to the trash cans on the south entrance of the station. People always threw the food there. Either to be able to enter the station. Or because they're late to catch the train. I stuck my both hands inside and fumbled through rotten carton, oily plastic containers, you name it. Luckily, there was still some light, so I could still see. I couldn't have differentiated a hamburger from dog shit in that mess of city waste. But I couldn't find anything. Not even breadcrumbs. Defeated, I stopped fumbling and stood there, wondering what to do---though I knew there wasn't anything to be done.

"That was when I saw a guy, ambling leasurely toward my direction. As he did, an idea popped up in my mind. One that was both relieving and terrifying at the same time. But I had no choice. It was either that or I went to bed with an empty stomach---not knowing if I'd eat the next day.

"I clutched at the Swiss army knife im my pocket and just stood there, pretending I was looking at the stars---even though there weren't any. I tried not to look, calculating his position by listening to his footsteps.

Guong heaved out a deep sigh. Maybe he regretted this deed until now.

"As soon as he entered my field of vision, I wrapped my arm around his neck from behind and pressed the knife to his cheek. Since I wasn't a theif, I had no idea what I was doing. I was just copying what I'd seen on TV. 'Give me your wallet,' I told the man, while my hands shook. It was embarrasing. Even the man looked calmer than I was. Anyone would have thought that he got robbed everyday. He remained still, listening to my words, as if they were words from a film director. So, it didn't surprise me when he said, 'Sure, you can take everything. But can I keep my debit cards and documents? They're useless to you, anyway.'

"It sounded like a good deal, so I said yes. Honestly, I didn't want to take all the money. Just enough to eat. But I thought saying, 'It's not necessary, thanks. I just need enough for a meal please,' would sound a little ridiculous. Finally, the guy fished inside his pocket, pulled out his wallet, and gave me a week worth of food. After that, I removed the knife from his neck and released him."

Goung stared at his woodchopper hands. This time, probably not very proud of what they've done.

"My mouth watered immediately. Like a dog. I'd never been so happy to have money in my life. To be able to buy food in my life. At the same time, I felt bad for the guy. Maybe he wasn't earning much, and needed the money. I looked at him. To my surprise, he was still standing in front of me, with his calm eyes. He was slim and lanky, the opposite of who I was. We looked perfect for a comedy team. Even his curly hair looked funny. The only part of him that showed seriousness were his small eyes---they were still deep and calm. I had no idea what the guy wanted. It ocurred to me that he wanted to fight or get his money back. So I clutched at my Swiss knife and stood there, waiting for him to come. We reamined there for almost a minute, just staring at each other."

Before Guong could continue, his phone rang. He looked at the glowing screen and said,  "Clients are waiting."

"So you have to leave?" Eri asked, disappointed. "Can't you finish the story first?"

Goung thought about this for a moment. Then he smiled and began tapping at the screen. "Guess these folks can live in their house for a little while."

"You won't get fired?" Eri asked, worriedly.

"What's the worse thing can happen?" Guong gave Eri a loop-sided smile. "Me ending up in the streets?"

Eri smiled back, glad there were still people in the world that worked to live, and not the other way around.

"So where I was?" Goung asked.

"You and the man were staring at each other."

"Oh, right. I thought he wanted to fight back. Which was nuts. Not to brag, but my build even intimidate gangsters. Plus, I was armed. What happened next, though, it wasn't that. It was something that I didn't expect at all.

"'Are you looking for a job?' the guy asked. It took me a few seconds to process this question. Was he telling me to *find* a job? Or that he could *give* me one? I asked him, and I he me it was the second. My first reaction was shock, then confusion, then laugher. I told him, 'Let me get this straight. I threaten you with knife, I take your money, and now you're offering me a job?' The guy nodded, and continued staring at me with his calm eyes.

"At first, I thought he was talking about some illegal stuff. That he wanted to hire a robber after being robbed. Once again, I was wrong. He offered me a job in the real estate agency where he worked. Shin-Yi Real Estate Agency. *What a joke,* I thought. A homeless guy selling homes. I though the guy had lost his mind---or that he had born without one.

"Still, I accepted his offer. I didn't have anything, so I didn't anything to lose. Which didn't mean I trusted the guy. It wasn't until the next day that I put my guard off. De-Shi---the guy's name---took me to get a good shave, buy shirts and jeans, and then find a hotel where I could shower and prepare myself for the company's interview. It was crazy. There I was, a homeless guy, having a job interview. And the interviewer had no idea about it. He just went on with the questions nodding and humming like I was making sense. Like I was telling the truth. But nothing prepared me to what happened next---I got hire. That's right! I was so dumbstruck to be happy when I heard the news from De-Shi. I'd become a real estate agent. Something I'd never even dreamed of.

"And surprisingly, I was good at it. From day one. I could talk clearly and enthusiastically about bathrooms, kitchens, dinning rooms, living rooms. About the hotel-level wall windows. About the gleaming tile floor. About the world-class designer kitchen counter. Even about the feng shui of the house. I hooked my clients immediately. For this reason, I almost every visit ended up in a sale.

"I think the secret of my success was my enthusiasm. Which wasn't a mystery. Not having seen the interior of a house for so long, made every new one seem like a miracle. High apartments. Garage-equiped houses. They all represented what I never had, and what I had in abundance now. And I'm not just talking about being able to visit any kind of building. Because of my pay, my performance, I had the means to buy any home I wanted. Even one in Hawaii.

"I was blown by all this. Not De-Shi: he said he always knew, which was the reason he offered me the job. When I asked him *how* he knew, he just smiled and said, 'I'm a photographer. I have a good eye for stuff.'"

Just then Guong's phone rang again. This time, his expression was more serious. "An emergency. Seems like the clients heard about me and they won't accept another real estate agent."

"That's okay," Eri said, feeling somewhat guilty. "We can continue another time."

"Are you sure?"

Eri nodded. "Seems urgent. And I think being homeless once in a lifetime is enough."

"All right," Guong said lifting himself up. A task that seemed to take considerable effort. "Guess we still have time."

After exchanging phone numbers and agree to meet another time, Guong accompanied Eri to the entrance of the building. There, they waved goodbye to each other and Eri headed toward the park. What I  strange but startling story she had hear. Only one thing remained unclear: why had De-Shi offered Guong the job? Maybe because Goung had experienced not having a home, so he understood the value of having one. Or maybe not. Only De-Shi knew. But no one knew where he was.

Once again, Eri walked in the park. Under the bending pines. Now with a bit more of sun, they looked less intimidating. Instead of being blown by a typhoon, they looked as if they were in the middle of a dance. At the same rythm. In harmony. Eri almost wished she could join them; become part of their activity.

Well, if Eri couldn't join them, at least she could take them with her. She fumbled inside her backpack for her phone. And that was when she touched it.

The memory card. She had completely forgotten about it! Quickly, she dug it out and her hold it under the late-afternoon sun. Under the light, its faded brown surface looked like an old fossil.

Oh, Eri had forgotten to tell Guong about the video---it could reveal something about De-Shi's disappereance. Should she go back? No, wait. Guong had been looking for De-Shi for almost two weeks. There was no way he could've not seen the memory card. Maybe it didn't have anything interesting, otherwise he would have mentioned it.

And more importantly, he wouldn't have forgotten to give it to her! That had been the whole point of the meeting. At least for Eri. Phew. On the other hand, Eri felt relieved. If Guong had remembered, he would have opened the desk and found out Eri had taken it. Embarrasing. Well, it had become past, and the present seemed promising.

She finally had the recording of the earthquake.
