Eri sat on her desk. Memory card laying in front. Evening sun glowing behind. Funny, she'd done her best to get the recording of the earthquake. Now that she had it, she didn't dare to see it. But why? Did she believe that the earthquake would escape from the memory card once she put it into---wait a minute, where was she supposed to insert it? Eri had never owned or used a memory card before. Maybe if she had one, she'd forget about things less often. Or at least a mechanical brain.

*Oh, that's right*. Eri couldn't believe how stupid she was. How shortsighed. Quickly, she switched on her Dell desktop. Her Everest wallpaper greeted her. She fumbled around the computer, looking for a rectangular hole, or for a slot in the DVD/CD player. None. Her computer was probably too old. Or too new. God, keeping up with current technology was like walking on a tight rope.

Eri slumped on her chair for a moment, letting her ceiling fan cool down her brain. She had a few choices. She could try the memory car in Takeshi's laptop. No, she'd have to wait until he returned from work. She could buy some sort of adapter, but she had no idea where or which to buy.

Or she could get a camera.

Eri didn't have one, but knew someone who did. She snatched her phone from the desk and called.

"Hey," Yuki blurted. Her usual phone greeting. "You really seem to be in Mars. You're best friend if leaving, and you haven't even called."

"Oh, I'm sorry." Eri had been too busy trying to find out about De-Shi and the earthquake. Maybe the hunt was becoming unhealthy. "I'll make it for you."

"It's all right. I'm busy packing, anyway."

"How's that going?"

"The usual. Always more stuff than bags. I just wanted to pack the essentials---but everything seems essential!" Yuki made a dull dragging sound. "So, why are you calling? I have the feeling this isn't a just-to-say-hi call."

[Add the part about stuff here. e.g.  You shouldn't have bought so much stuff.]

["Never mind," she said, "I don't mind and as you know, I like to pack my things. I get crazy when I can't find my stuff because someone put it where I can't find them. Besides, I'm the only human alive who knows how to fit all this garbage into a suitcase."]

[Eri smiled. "Maybe you shouldn't have bought so much stuff."]

["Well, that's what life is about isn't it? To buy stuff and fill your house with that stuff. That's the whole meaning of life." She pushed on the bed to make her clothes fit. "Not many are like you who barely buy stuff. Damn. Any would say that you live an ascetic life." Finally, Yuki, wiping her face with the hem of her black top tank she said, "So what you *really* came for at nine in the morning and couldn't wait until lunch?]

"Yeah." It always impressed Eri how well her friend knew her. "I wanted to ask you if you could borrow me your camera. The one you brought take photos in the US. I'll give it back to you as soon as possible."

"As soon as possible means in a day or a year. But sure."

Yuki unshouldered her black patch-covered bag and produced a Panasonic handheld camera from her bag. The kind with rotating screen. Perfect.

"What you gonna do with it?" Yuki asked. "Record a dirty video with Takeshi?"

Eri frowned. "Life isn't just about sex, you know."

"Well, life exists *because* of sex."

"Anyway, it's not that. I just want to---" Eri stopped there. No, she couldn't tell Yuki about her plan. About how she had gone to a real estate agency after having recieved a cryptic email from a stranger. Oh, again. She felt bad for having to hide this far-fetched secret from her closest ones. No doubt: Not being able to talk to those nearest to you is one of the loneliest feelings in the world.

"Hello?" Yuki called out. "Still awake?"

"Of course, what was I saying? Oh, yeah. I just want to---take some pictures of my mountain of Asahi cans. I finally stacked fifty. What an accomplishment, uh?"

"Seriously, you should go out more."

Eri frowned. Seriously, she should stop lying. Not because it was bad, but because she was bad at it.

"Forget it. What time you wanna meet?"

Eri and Yuki agreed to meet at the entrance of the subway near Eri's house. Their usual brief-meeting place.

As usual, Yuki arrived right on time, with her black jacket and denim jeans. She looked tired---her eyes had black bags and her pixie cut was messy instead of tousled. The packing, maybe.

"You okay?" Eri asked Yuki, a question that was always asked by the other.

"Yeah." Yuki scratched her disveled hair. "Just been talking with this volunteer who's helping me with my university stuff. You know, the difference in timezones." Squinting her tired eyes, she examined Eri. "You look better than I thought. At least better than someone who's planning to take pictures of empty cocktail cans. "

Eri laughed. "I feel better, too. I feel things are becoming clearer, more stable."

"Since when you life became a mess?"

"It's not. Let's see, have you ever felt that life has become unsteady, even though nothing bad has happened? Like you're watching a tower of cards?

"No."

Eri let out a sigh. "Never mind. Maybe it's my *thoughts* what have become unsteady."

"Maybe you need some rest." Yuki patted Eri's arm warmly. "And let the cards stand by themselves. Even a tower made of them can be steady."

With a touched smile Eri said, "You never gave me a bad advice."

Yuki returned the smile. "Because you always took them in a good way." She glanced at her silver watch and widened her eyes. "Okay, gotta go. I have to chat with Anna. The volunteer."

"Do you need help packing?" Eri asked.

"Sure I do," Yuki replied. "Two things are infinite. The universe and packing---and I'm not sure about packing."

Eri told Yuki she'd help her this weekend and her friend left in her motocycle. Eri had been doing this a lot lately: seeing people walk away. For some reason, she could never turn around first. She always had to stand there, until the person became a dot in the far end of the street. What did she expect them to do? To stop? To return? To look around?

With Yuki gone, Eri headed to the park across the street. The park she came when she felt too claustrophobic inside her apartment. Sometimes to think. Sometimes to try not to think. This time, she wanted to do neither of them; she wanted to see the recording. He needed to see it *right* now.

She bought an Asahi cocktail can at 7-Eleven and set herself in the bench under the tallest and thickest pine in the park. Eri liked it here. The roof-like branch make her feel safe. The sweet-scented leaves pacified. Tonight, the only disturbance was the distant roar of an excavator.

Ready, Eri dug out the memory card from the backpack and searched the camera for a fitting mouth. In front, behind. She finally found it on the left side of the camera. Carefully, she tucked the memory inside.

It fit.

What? There were hundred types of memory cards, as well as hundred types of video cameras. Eri didn't believe in fate, but her faith streghened a bit. Maybe the universe had wanted her to see the tape. Maybe it had conspired to give Yuki the same Panasonic camera as De-Shi. Okay, maybe not.

*Anyway, the past doesn't matter if it doesn't affect the present*. Eri turned on the camera and searched and pressed the play button. The recording began.

Eri opened the Asahi cocktail can, her liquid popcorn. Then she laid her back on the fresh bench, and started to watch the video.

A swarm of stars came into view. Stars etched against a endless  black canvas. No moon. No clouds. It was as if these elements had left sky, to let the stars occupy the stage. The scene stayed there for a while. Did the recording freeze? Eri was about to check the camera when a voice came out from the screen. A man's voice.

"There it is," he said, calm and composed. The man talked like he were reading a sad, nostalgic poem. It took Eri a few minutes to pinpoint its owner.

De-Shi Tsai.

How did she know this? True, he was the only person who could be holding the camera. However, Eri went beyond that; she identified the man's voice. But no, that couldn't be. She didn't know anyone called De-Shi. And no one called De-Shi knew her. *Is it possible to recognize a stranger's voice?*

"There it is," De-Shi said again, the camera still focused on the luminous firmament. "Right on the right side of the triangle."

Eri frowned. Triangle? What was De-Shi talking about? She squinted at the screen until the stars became engraved in her eyes. Finally, she saw them. Three stars. She connected the dots in her mind until she formed the triangle, its apex pointing to the sky, it's base facing the Earth. Under the right corner, just like De-Shi had said, floated a star---bigger and brigther than the other three. Red. Intense red.

The Blood-red star.

Eri gasped at the sight. What? A red star? Though she had a kindergarten-level of astrology, she knew there weren't red stars---at least not visible from Earth. At least not the color of blood. Was she watching something natural? Supernatural? Or maybe neither of those?

Eri turned back to the screen, deciding leave questions for later. Sometimes you need to see the result to know the answer.

"The Blood-Red Star," De-Shi continued in his serene voice. "That's how I named it. I spotted it two days ago. A strange sight---but the strangest thing is, I can only see it from here. My rooftop. Which makes me wonder if it's just an illusion. A product of my mind."

Still staring at the red star, Eri thought about De-Shi's words. An illusion? No, that couldn't be. She was seeing it, too---unless he somehow had captured his illusion in the video. Which was creepy and nuts at the same time. More nuts than creepy.

Eri rubbed her eyes to make sure they weren't playing tricks on her. When she opened them, though, the camera was pointing somewhere else. A balcony. Close enough to throw a stone to it. But too far to see the figure leaning on right concrete railing. A person? A ghost? As though having spied on Eri's thoughts, De-Shi zoomed in. x2, x3, x4. And she could finally see the owner of the shape.

It was a girl---probably in her mid-twenties, like Eri. She couldn't be one-hundred-percent sure, since her Rapunzel-lengh hair covered her profile. A hair so blue, it seemed to have light on its own---a fluorescent jellyfish. Maybe an illusion produced by starlight? Her skin, too, was bright. Sand white. Looking at her, Eri felt strangely at peace. Like she was floating face up on the surface of a windless ocean.

The girl, however, looked far from serene. She was smoking a cigarette, while the hand that held it shook, as if because of cold. Except it was June. Summer. Also, she was alone, on a rooftop; not the most common setting for someone who was calm. Without worries. Without knots in her mind. Eri even spotted a gloss in the girl's round eyes. Was she crying? She leaned closer to the screen to see better---but De-Shi was moving the damn camera! Slow at first, then stronger, faster. What was he doing? Jacking off to the girl?

"Shit," De-Shi muttered, "an earthquake."

As though feeling the earthquake, Eri's heart began to pound. The girl, also, became agitated; she let go of the cement railing and crouched to the floor, covering her head as though expecting the sky to fall on her. The shaking became stronger. Faster. Finally, Eri could see nothing but a blur of shapes and darkness. Moving from left to right. Left to right. While an horrendous rattling filled the background. Filled Eri's ears. There was a loud *crack*. A cry. A scream.

And then, total blackness.

Exhaling, Eri set the camera on the bench, her hands so slippery and shaky she almost dropped it---and herself---to the floor. Then, she grabbed her cocktail and took a long, refreshing gulp. It relaxed her a bit. But her hands were still trembling.

God. A video had never shaken her up like this. Or affected her so deep down.

Eri sat there in silence for a moment, thinking what to think. Before any thought emerged, though, she felt a slight tremor, shaking the bench. Making Eri feel as though ants were marching under her buttocks. *Shit, an earthquake.* Eri jolted up and spun around. What? The bench sat still and the ground wasn't moving a single inch. That meant---

Slapping her forehead, Eri went to her backpack and retrieved her phone. She had set it to ^^Vibrate^^ so no one would disturb her while being at Shin-Yi Real Estate Agency. If that had happened, she would have been forced to answer and maybe say something that would reveal her true identity.

The caller was Takeshi. Strange, the clock said ten p.m. Still, working time.

"Aren't you supposed to be busy?" Eri asked.

"Is that the sweetest greeting you have?" Takeshi said jockingly. Then he turned serious. "I got out of work earlier today. Not much stuff to freeze. What are you doing?"

"Oh, nothing---just watching a movie."

"That counts as *something*, don't you think?"

"I guess," Eri replied.

"What movie?"

"One that---I rented today, while visiting the Central Library."

"And you didn't wait for me, so we could watch it together?" Takeshi said playfully. "You know, like the old times. My back on the sofa. Your head on my lap."

This was Takeshi's flirting mode, the attitude he exhibited whenever---okay, she didn't know his motivation. But she liked it. It reminded her the Takeshi who she had first met five years ago. The Takeshi who desired her.

"Sorry," Eri finally said. "It was romantic comedy. I thought you wouldn't like it."

"That's all right. We can have a *real* romance now. What do you think? I'll buy a French wine and the lemon cakes that Eerie Eri likes so much."

"Well ..." Eri pretended to consider this. Was she flirting too? No, she was being cautious of her boyfriend. Not at his behavior, but sudden change of behavior. That mean he wanted something---something that Eri could provide, but that had little to do with her.

However, he had called her *Eerie Eri*, the pet name that turned her into a submisive servant. Takeshi knew this, and she knew that he knew. Damn. Why was she so weak-willed?

"I'll be there in twenty minutes," Eri replied, trying to sound reluctant, but of course failing.

Phone call over, Eri tucked the camera into her backpack and, shouldering it, she started toward the entrance of the subway. She gazed at the sky, which tonight, displayed the same sea of stars she had seen in the video. After navigating in it with her eyes, she even found the same triangle of stars. Only the Blood-Red Star was missing. Was it really an illusion? One that Eri had begun to share with De-Shi?
