Eri clutched at the kitchen counter with both hands---wearing only her bra---while Takeshi thrusted roughly from behind. One hand fumbling her left breast. The other on other clamping her right hand. Eri should've been enjoying it. Yes, she liked soft sex, but also forceful fornication once in a while. Plus, they had drank the whole bottle of French wine. Shouldn't she be on the mood? The mood to be turned on?

No, she had wandering thoughts in her mind. Thoughts that seemed to come from outer space---or her inner darkroom. For example, she had the irrational worry that Takeshi was having sex with her and without her at the same time. That he was pretending she was someone else. Who could she be? Why did Takeshi find her more desirable than Eri? Did she have bigger boobs, or smaller stomach? *You're a sexual surrogate. A pleasure placeholder.*

"Stop," Eri called out, almost in a whisper.

"What?" Takeshi asked, but kept thrusting while gripping Eri harder and harder.

"Stop," Eri said again. She turned around and pushed Takeshi away.

Only then did he wake up from his animalistic trance. "What?" This time it was a question with intention.

"You wouldn't stop." Eri snatched her pyjamas shorts from the kitchen counter and put them on. Same with her T-shirt.

Takeshi copied Eri's action with his brown boxers. "You mean you told me to stop because I wouldn't stop?"

"No, it's because---you were being too rough." Eri staggered to the leather sofa and sat with sigh. A total lie. But she couldn't tell him the real reason---because it didn't make any sense. Funny. Couples don't argue about what they say, but about what they don't say.

As always, Takeshi handled the argument calmly, smoothly. "I'm sorry. Did I hurt you?"

Eri looked to the side. "You almost did."

Takeshi came over and sat next to Eri, resting his warm hand on her thigh. "Again, sorry. But you know me, I lose control. You're too sexy. You turn me into a bull."

"Yeah, like once a year."

"Okay, what's-wrong time." As though having touched an electric wire, Takeshi retrieved his hand and placed on his lap.

Eri groaned, deciding to speak out. She was tired of hiding her feelings. Tired of swallowing sentimental stones. Besides, the more she hid her feelings, the less she felt like herself.

"The thing is, I don't believe that you came home earlier because you finished work earlier."

"I was wrong about the what's-wrong time. It's the I-don't-believe-you time." Takeshi gave Eri a calm grin. "So, why do you think that?"

"Because your boss never let's you come home earlier---maybe if you're sick or wounded. But that's not the case."

"How do you know I'm not sick or wounded?"

Eri examined her boyfriend's half naked body. "You look fine---at least fine enough to have rough sex." She combed her disheveled hair with her hands. It was beginning to brush her shoulders. "Also, if you weren't okay, you'd have told me. You wouldn't have told a lie."

Takeshi laughed. "Then what's the truth, Ms. Holmes?"

Eri fell silent. It wasn't that she didn't have a theory. It was just that her theory was too theorical. *Anyway, theories are like questions. They're only bad if you already know the answer.*

"You---fought with someone at the restaurant," Eri said, only half-knowing what she was saying. "It can't be yours boss or your old co-workers."

"And why is that?" Takeshi said with a grin. He seemed to be enjoying this detective game.

"Because you only get angry with people you care about. And you never gave a damn about what your boss or co-workers think."

"So according to you, I fought with someone I care about---someone like ... ?"

"The new waitress."

Takeshi laughed again, this time he did it as loud as a hyena. "But why would I fight with her? She's just a co-worker. I mean, she could have annoyed me. But I woulnd't ran back home just because she shouted at me or gave me the middle finger."

Eri looked down, reluctantly admitting that Takeshi was right. Maybe her theory wasn't bad, but it was stupid.

"Okay," she said, "let's just drop the topic."

"No, let's continued. It's my turn."

"Your turn for what?"

"To play the I-don't-believe you game." He crossed his arms and, as though it'd help him to refresh his memory, stared at the spinning ceiling fan. "You weren't at the Central Library today."

Eri pretended to frown. "What are you talking about?"

Takeshi took his cigarettes from the glass table. Then he lit up one, took a short drag, and released a relaxed puff of smoke. "You were at Hsin-Yi Real Estate Agency. At Chiang Shan."

"What?" Eri stared at De-Shi, speechless. The shock was so strong, she wondered if she'd able to talk again. No, she had to say something. Something fast. "How---how do you know?" *Dammit*

Takeshi smiled, tapping burning ash in his ashtray. "Their website was the first thing I saw when I opened my browser."

"Well, that only proves that I was looking at their website. Not that I went there."

"You're right." Takeshi came back to the sofa, crossing his legs this time. "It was just an hyphotesis. Your words proved it."

Eri slapped her forehead. *Well done, Eri. You're a genius.*

"Now's confesion time," Takeshi said with his trademark grin.

Averting her eyes from him, Eri tried to come up with a lie that could fix the mess that the first one had caused. "Well---I went there to check for apartments. What else?"

"You want to move out? What's wrong with yours apartment?"

"Nothing---I just thought it was time to, you know, live together."

"But why hide it?"

"I thought it wasn't the time to *tell* you. I knew you wouldn't like the idea. So, I wanted to show you the apartment first, to see if you'd change you mind."

"Well, I gotta admit." Takeshi tucked his cigarrete in his ashtray. The mountains of ash, made it look like a ruined city. "This lie is good. It almost sound true."

"Because it is." Eri's rested her hand of Takeshi's thigh. "I swear." Funny. The lie, slowly, accidentally, had become true. She *actually* wanted to live with Takeshi. She wanted to share the same roof with him---the same bed, the same kitchen. The same happiness. The same hardships. This was the only change she wanted in her life; the change that'd ensure that nothing would change again.

Takeshi nodded at her, not smiling anymore. His face now looked, hollow, vacant. Like someone who had just seen an apparition.

This hurt Eri. Made the walls of her heart crumble down. "You know, let's just forget about all this."

"Look," Takeshi said, placing his ashy hand on Eri's. It was cold, despite of having held a lit cigarette. "This doesn't mean I don't love you. Or that I want to leave you. I just think that we're okay as we are right now. One centimeter to the left, or to the right, and we may lose each other."

Eri frowned. "Since when our relationship became so fragile?"

"Every relationship is fragile," Takeshi said. "It's the strength of the couple what keeps it whole."

"What about us? Are we strong?"

"As strong as a brick house."

Eri heaved out a sigh, giving up on the idea of giving Takeshi a home. Maybe he was right. They should stay the same. Why did couples live together, anyway? Why did they marry? It all boils down to fear. People will use anything---a cramped apartment, piece of legal paper---to make sure the other person sticks around. If they weren't afraid of abandonment, they wouldn't need any of that. They would trust the invisible rings that connect their hearts.

"So," Takeshi said, caresing under Eri's knees. Her weak point. "Wanna continue cooking?"

She moaned, managing a smile. "Okay, but on the bed. The counter is too hard."

Kissing her neck, Takeshi lifted Eri and laid her on bed. They made love again. This time, face to face. Belly button to belly button. Takeshi was gentler this time, moving almost in slow-motion, accelerating her breathing. Eri, though, was only half present. She couldn't help it. Her brought her back to the video. To De-Shi. Was he okay? Was his building okay? Had he become injured in the earthquake? God. Blaming Takeshi of thinking of someone else. Now *she* was the one with wandering thoughts.

Luckily, Takeshi didn't notice; he keep penetrating her, now with his head craddled on her shoulder, his hair tickling her nose.

That wasn't the only thing that her boyfriend ignored. *Sweet home Alabama. Where the skies are so blue. Sweet home Alabama.
Lord, I'm coming home to you.* His phone was ringing.

Eri turned her head to the kitchen, where the phone had been left. "Someone's calling you."

"C'mon, don't mind that," Takeshi said, still thrusting.

"But it's almost eleven." Eri glanced at ther watch to confirm her statement. "Who could it be?"

"It's amazing how you can do that."

"Do what?"

"Talking during sex."

"Well," Eri said, "you can complain during sex."

Takeshi finally stopped and looked into Eri's eyes. "Anyway, forget it. It's probably my boss, asking me to help him with a broken refrigerator. Better not to pick up."

Eri nodded and let the sex resume. But it didn't for long; after a minute or two, Takeshi came and, with a sigh of satisfaction rolled to the side. As always, he fell asleep immediately. And, as usual, Eri stared at the ceiling, unable to sleep---a phenomenon that had worsened lately. She had many worries. For example, she was worried of having passed her mild vaginal infection to Takeshi (he had waved it off as a minor issue). She had no idea where she had caught it. Public toilets. Pools. Poor eating habits. She had avoided them all. Plus, she hadn't had sex with other men; she'd never cheat on Takeshi.

Another worry: the call minutes ago.

Eri turned to the side. Though she could only see his back she could tell he was deep asleep. Takeshi's body would bob up and down like a boat in the ocean. When they first met, she liked to stay awake just to watch this. first met. She still did.

 Sure that Takeshi was unconcious, Eri unpeeled the bed sheet from her sweaty body and tiptoed to the kitchen. In the darkness, she could only see the contours of the furniture and kitchenware---thin, twisting lines traced by the moonlight.

Carefully, Eri followed one of them and fumbled around the dark surface of the object that it belonged to. If Eri wasn't mistaken, Takeshi's phone should be---

On the table.

Bingo. Eri stood there in the darkness, staring at the six gray dots that she had to connect to unlock the screen. What could be the combination? Maybe it was the first letter of a word. Hard to guess; easy to remember. But the first letter of what? There were thousands of things that Takeshi could have picked---well, not really.

Eri draw a T. The circles became red. *Stupid.* It was dumb to think that Takeshi wouldn't had been so stupid to use his name.

Who was the second most important person for him? Eri swiped an E. Red again. Okay, maybe Takeshi thought that would have been too obvious, too.

Giving up, Eri decided to start from A, only to realize that she couldn't trace that letter with six dots. Neither B.

C worked.

Eri let out a silent *yay*, feeling excitment and confusion at the same time. Excited because she had unlocked Takeshi's phone. Confused because the had no idea what the C stood for. Cat? Car? Cauliflower? There wasn't any important object or person in Takeshi's life that started with the letter C. Anyhow, it didn't matter. Now C stood for *clear*; Takeshi's information was open for her to check.

His private information. The fact---like with his laptop---filled her with hesitation, guilt, embarrasment. Yes, it'd been easy to hold Takeshi's unlocked phone. But now that it wasn't, Eri felt as if she had her hands on stolen money, or a candy she had snatched away from a child.

Eri groaned. Okay, why did she want to check her boyfriend's phone? Because she was curious? Just to make sure? No, there was only one reason; a reason only she knew.

She didn't trust Takeshi. Not because she didn't believe in him, but because she didn't believe in herself. Weird. Plain. Coward. Those were the words that had haunted her since childhood. Ghosts she knew didn't exist; but that visited her nevertheless. No, she didn't want to be that anymore. An hysteric woman. An eccentric lady. An girlfriend who checks her boyfriend's phone.

Well, she could start tomorrow. Not tonight.

Swallowing, Eri swipped around and tapped the phone icon. ^^Recent calls^^. She stared at the blinding screen for a moment, trying to transform the text in front of her into rational thoughts. If she had any left.

*1 missed call from Chai.*

Eri squinted at the luminous letters. Was this Takeshi's manager? No, she was called---Kaoru. This was someone else. Who in his good mind would call himself "Tea"? Or maybe Eri should say, *herself*? Suddenly, she wasn't sure if the person was a man or a woman. A gay or a lesbian. It was hard to tell, since she had never heard the nickname before. And it didn't help that it was genter-neutral.

That's right: the Internet. Eri launched the search engine, typed *chai*, and tapped the ^^Images^^ options. She eyed the results. Cups of tea. A tea set. Whoops, wrong search. *Think. Think.* How about marking the term sound more like a nickname? She added *xiao*. Many Little Tea popped up. A cheerleader in a green uniform. A schoolgirl in a yellow bikini. A waitress in a brown costume. Oh, God.

Eri slumped herself on the hard, dark, chair---feeling a hole being drilled in her heart. After that, a deep hollowness followed, one in which Eri felt herself falling into. Deep, deep down.

Now she knew to whom the C belonged to. As well as her boyfriend's heart.
