Eri watched Yuki as she strode around her gigantic apartment, carrying boxes to and fro, taking clothes in and out. Eri, however, was barely paying any attention to this. Her mind was still in that dark hole. Her heart still bleeding.

"I knew it," Yuki said, with a resigned sigh. "You weren't coming with the intention to help me pack."

Hearing her friend's voice, Eri snapped out of her trance. "Oh, sorry. I was just---"

Yuki set down the box she was carrying, and wriggled herself next to Eri in the sofa. "Never mind. I needed a break, anyway. My feet are murdering me." She closed the box and placed a foot on top of it, as if posing with a prey she had just hunted. "Okay, this is the part where I ask, 'What's bothering you?'"

"Oh, nothing," Eri said. "Takeshi's cheating."

"What?" Yuki turned to her with wide mascara-coated eyes. "Really?"

Eri nodded. She couldn't belive it either. She couldn't believe  she'd become the cliche of the cheated girl. Well, maybe it happened her precisely because it was a cliche. Cliches become cliches because they happen regularly.

"Wow, I thought he was gay," Yuki said. "And was in a relationship with you to hide the fact."

Eri lowered her head, closing her eyes. "That would be a better situation than this one."

Yuki massaged Eri's back, her usual way of comforting a friend. "But are you sure? I mean, maybe you're being---"

"Paranoid?"

"Or just plain nuts." She continued stroking Eri's back. "I know Takeshi isn't the nicest guy, but he isn't the kind who chase women."

"I didn't know, either. Until now."

Eri told Yuki everything---about the waitress, about the call, about Chai. *Chai*. The word was starting to leave a bitter taste in her mouth.

"Holy shit," Yuki said. "But are you sure that it's not a friend? Or someone from work?"

"Calling at twelve at night?"

"Yeah, you're right." Yuki slapped the arm of the sofa. "Why didn't you call that bitch? Tell her to stop messing with your guy?"

Eri let out a sigh. "As if that worked. You can't stop people from doing what they want."

"But you can *leave* them," Yuki said.

It took Eri a few seconds to figured out what her friend meant. "No, I can't."

"Why not?"

Eri folded and unfolded the hem of her skirt, pretending to be concentration on it. "don't know---I just can't. My whole life's built around Takeshi. Without him, everything will fall apart."

Yuki shook her head. "God, love really makes you become cheesy." She retrieved her hand from Eri's back and scratched her thigh through her sweat pant. "Look, have you ever heard of Yalom?"

Eri's turn to shake her head. She didn't know anything about him, except his name began with the same letter as Yuki's.

"Anyway," Yuki continued, "he said that people want to be connected to others---have meaning in one another's lives. But that at the end, they have to understand that they can't depend on others. They have to understand they are fundamentally alone."

Eri stared at Yuki, eyed widen. "Didn't know you read philosophers."

"Actually, he's a psychologist."

"Didn't know you liked psychology, either."

"Psychology is just applied biology, and biology just applied chemistry."

Eri leaned on her clamped first. "Guess the chemistry between De-Shi and me wasn't as good as I thought."

"Nothing is ever as good as we think, or as worse as we think."

"I don't think this can't become worse."

"It could." Yuki glanced at the clock, which was four minutes ahead. "You could be trapped inside a hole, or stuck on a treehouse."

Both girls laughed, the ventilating the opressing air a bit.

"Well," Yuki said. "Back to work."

"Okay, I'll help this time."

Yuki held up a black fingernail. "Take a rest. You're boyfriend just cheated at you. Also, there's no much left, so leave it to me." With that, she turned around and resumed her fast-paced packing.

 Leaning back on the sofa, Eri stared at the swtiched-off lamp on the ceiling. It'd been a while since Eri had thought about the treehouse. About the afternoon she met Yuki.

 Eri was at her high school at the time---trapped on top of a treehouse.

 She'd been there for nearly four hours. Thirsty. Hungry. More thirsty than hungry. Probably because she had cried out all the water from her body---the rest dried up by the sun that, luckily, was starting to set. But that brought another terror. Nighttime. Eri shuddered at the idea of having to sleep up here---surrounded by the whistling wind, strange sounds, and frightening fantasies. Not to mention the zombie-looking trees and the arm-shaped branches.

 No, she had to get out of her.

 For the seventh time, Eri crawled to the ladder, the only link to the floor. Her ticket to freedom. And for the seventh time, she yelped and froze like a rabbit. It was too high. Almost four floors. The fall would break her legs. Or her neck. Only thinking about it made Eri's hair raise, and lower herself on the cold, rusty plywood.

 Why wasn't anyone coming? Had the world forgotten about her?

No doubt; she was alone in this. She had to figure out by her own---that right, all she had to do was to close her eyes and imagine she was doing something else; going down a bunk bed or a little hill,

Her mind made up, Eri crawled forward and clutching the freezing ladder---for so long her hands started to become blue. Then she closed her eyes. *Do it now. Do it now.* Gulping, Groaning, and Gripping, Eri began to spin around. As slow as a sloth. With the same sluggishiness, the ladder started to feel farther and farther. Farther and Farther. Until it left Eri's hand. *Oh, no.*

Eri opened her eyes. No ladder. Gone. And with that discovery, her hopes dissolved like sand in the wind. Her heart shrinked the size of a stone. *No one'll come, and I'll never escape.* [Repeat this in the elevator]

Very few times, Eri felt this kind of hopelesness. And very few times, she knew what to call it. Emptiness? Desperation? Maybe there were no words to describe underscribable feelings---feelings that go so deep you can't dig them out. Let them out. Maybe the best thing sometimes is to keep things inside. Hidden.

Well, that wouldn't be a problem now. She was alone---or at least that was what she thought. Eri heard a dull sound. Wood smacking wood. Then, still looking to the front, she let out a gasp.

The ladder had come back.

Which meant someone was coming for her. Could it be?

"Kazuo, is that you?" Eri called out, her tongue dry and heavy for not having talked for so long.

The head that poked up, though, didn't belong to Kazuo. Didn't even belong to a boy---but to a boyish girl. She had a messy pixie haircut, an amount of make up that was forbidden in the school, and a skin so powdered she seemed to glow in the darkness of the treehouse. Despite this unusual style, she looked cute, and would have attracted many guys if her hair were longer. Maybe she was in her not-interested-in-boys period.

"I'm not Kazuo." The girl hauled herself up onto the treehouse, leaving Eri face to face with her pale, bare knees. "But even if I was, I would change it. What a goofy name!"

Eri crouched up, fearing the girl would think she was invited her to kick her face. Once on her feet, Eri took a better look at her. White shirt. Green plaid skirt. The girl was in her same school---though Eri had never seen her before. With that look, she would have spotted her.

"Who are you?" Eri finally asked.

"I'm many things." The girl paced and sat next to Eri. "Am a girl. A student. A Taiwanese. And nobody for most strangers."

Eri nodded, and was about to protest then she realized she wasn't expecting a concrete answer. She decided to ask something more useful. "How did you know I was here?"

"It wasn't hard. You almost knocked me out head with that ladder." The girl pointed a thumb behind her.

"Sorry, I was trying to go down."

"I see. And the ladder went down instead."

Eri nodded again, not wanting to tell the girl about the seven times she tried to go down. Being able to go up and not going down. How stupid. How weak. Well, Eri didn't mind being weak, as long as people didn't know it.

"You're lucky I was around," the girl said.

"Yeah, what are you doing here?"

"I usually come to the forest for a smoke." As though to illustrate her explanation, she pulled out a white pack and lit up a cigarette with a blue lighter. "Not in the treehouse, though. Thanks God you knocked down that ladder. Or you'd have to sleep up here, in a nest made of wigs."

Eri nodded, shuddering at the thought.

"What about you?" the girl asked. "What were *you* doing up here? Bet it wasn't for a picnic."

Eri blushed. Should she talk about this with a stranger? Or maybe it would be easy *precisely* because she was one. A stranger. The girl didn't know any of Eri's friends, and Eri would probably never talk to her again.

Eri traced circles in the dark wood. "What happens is, there's this boy. He's my senior, and he's very kind, and has very good grades---"

"Okay, okay," the girl said. "Mr. Perfect. I get it. Then what it happened?"

"His classmates, some girls he hangs out with---they told me he wanted to meet me after school. Here at the threehouse."

The girl slapped her forehead. "And you *came*? Look, I don't care how handsome is this prince charming. But coming here alone to meet a guy isn't what I'd call safe."

"I knew," Eri said, looking down at her feet.

"But you still decided to come."

Eri nodded.

"And the thing turned out to be a joke. The girls probably knew about your fear of heights. And Prince Charming didn't actually want to meet you---maybe he didn't even know you exist."

Eri immersed herself in the darkness of her hands again. She expected the girl to start laughing at any second. How dumb. How pathethic. Eri could even laugh to herself---if she weren't so sad, so heartbroken. Truth, she hadn't believed one hundred percent that Kazuo had actually wanted to meet her. Deep inside, she knew it was a joke. Still, a minuscule speck of hope had made her come. A hope that was totally extinguished now.

"You know," the girl said, without any hint of mockery. She sounded serious, almost sisterly. "My mother died a few years ago."

"I'm sorry ..."

"You really like to apologize, don't you?" The girl took a drag of her cigarette and puffed towards the distant tree top. "But don't. It wasn't your fault, and you didn't bring it up---anyway, I can barely remember anything that she said. I know, it's weird. But I can't remember anything. Maybe it's how my mind learned to cope with her loss---or maybe se *actually* didn't say many things to me. She had depression issues, so she spent a hell a lot of time sleeping, or at the mental home. However, there's one phrase that I remember. One that I can't even forget even when I'm sleeping."

"And that is---?"

"Everyone is unique, but replaceable." The girl took another drag of smoke, crumpled the cigarette like a paper, and stopped it under her thick, black shoes. "Which means that everyone have their own personality, their own unique features. But that if they go away from your life, leave a hole, you can always find someone else to plug that hole. Just like you can use tape, wood, or cement to cover a hole in a wall---you don't have to use the original material."

Eri mulled this over. She wanted to agree with the girl---but couldn't. "But they can't fill the *same* hole. That makes them irreplaceable."

"Well, yeah if you look at it in that way," the girl said. "But they are replacing a more important hole---your time. Say, you were spending your afternoons playing with Chang-Chang and one day he leaves to another city. You become hangry. You become sad. But when you find another boy--Kou-Kou---to play with in the afternoons. So now you have replaced that *time* in your life with another person. That's what I meant. Everyone is replaceable in the context of time."

"Wow," Eri said. "You---you're really smart."

"Nah," the girl said, pulling out another cigarette and tucking it between her blood-red lips. "It's my smoking habit. Because you have to hide it, you spend a lot of time doing it alone. And being alone makes you think about all kind of philosophical crap."

Both girls laughed, and for the first time that night Eri didn't feel scared anymore. Sad anymore.

"Seems like you already go over it," the girl said, sitting in apache style.

Eri blinked at her. "Over about what?"

"The boy."

"Oh, well. I---I don't know. Shouldn't at least try? Be brave?"

The girl tsked again. She seemed to be the tsking type. "You never learn, don't you? Look, why would you want a boy who have friends who make these kind of cruel jokes to you? Actually, I think the guy knew---or maybe he planned it---and he's laughing with his bitches right now. Laughing about how dumb you are. Laughing about gulible you are."

"I don't know," Eri said, "maybe he has nothing to do with this."

The girl let out a tired sigh. "Look, there are going to be many guys after this one. Guys you actually going to *be* with. You'll be all starry eyes with your boyfriend. And you'll barely remember this one. Or if you do, I'd just be a bad dream, a photo you took a long time ago and that you don't bother to even look at it anymore."

Eri stared at the girl, impressed. "Sounds like you have dated many."

"Yeah," the girl said. "But not boys."

Eri gasped. "So you like---"

"That's right, dear." The girl placed a warm hand on Eri's tigh.

Eri wringled. She girl laughed and said, "Take it easy. You're not my type, but we can be friends."

"Friends?" Eri looked at her, eyes wide.

"Yeah, why? Sounds like a bad idea?"

"No, it's just that---I don't have any friends."

"What?" The girl gave Eri a makeup-coated look. "You serious?"

Eri nodded, feeling a like an attraction in a freak show. "What happen is, I don't want to make friends because if don't like watching then go."

"You're afraid of people leaving you."

"I guess you can say that."

Tsuki tsked. "Look, if you're afraid ot that, you'll be alone forever. You like to be alone?"

Eri shook her head. "I think no one likes to---but being alone doesn't hurt as much as being *left* alone."

"Look, let's do this." Tsuki turned to Eri and placed a hand on her thigh. "Let's be friends forever. That way you don't have to fear I'll leave one day."

Eri widened her eyes to the girl's hand. "Friends forever, just like that?"

"Yeah, is there a problem?"

"I guess no ... but why?"

"Why I want us to be friends forever?" The girl gazed listessly at the moon. She could have been looking for the Moon rabbit. "I just have this feeling. That we complement each other---not in a romantic way, of course. I feel like we're like the sun and the moon. And that gravity have joined us tonight. So we have to stay together, spinning around the other's orbit."

Eri thought about this. "And who's going to be the sun, and who the moon?"

"I'll be the sun," Tsuki said smiling back. "I'm the stronger one."

"So that's makes me the weaker one."

Tsuki nodded. "But you know, being weak isn't necessarily bad. Without the weak, the strong have no one to save."

"So you're here to save me?" Eri asked.

"I'm already here, am I?"

Eri smiled at the girl.

"By the way, I'm Tsuki."

Eri gasped. "Like moon? You're Japanese?"

"Only half of me."

"Me too," Eri said. "My name's Eri."

"Wow, this doesn't happen often."

"And there's something else," Eri continued. "My mother also died when I was young."

"Well, this is fate."

"You believe in that?"

"Nah, not really." Tsuki tapped her cigarette, sending ashes sailing in the wind. "Coincidences are more interesting---because they aren't meant to happen. Still they do. Against all the odds. Against our unwillingness to believe them."

They remained silent for a moment. Eri wasn't sure if it was her imagination but the night looked clearer. Brigther. Maybe someone had flipped its full-light switch.

"All right." Like a grassshopper, the girl sprang up on her feet, then crushed her cigarette under he feet. "Time to go down."

Eri's heart sped up. "Well, the thing is ..."

"You're afraid of heights."

Eri blinked at the girl. "Yeah, how do you know?"

"I've met many people who are. And their expression on their faces is the same as yours---when it comes to heights. But don't worry, I also know how to help them overcome their fear."

"What? How?"

Tsuki held Eri's cold hand, warming it. "Don't worry. Leave it to me."

Eri smiled at the girl, suddenly not feeling afraid anymore. She couldn't believe it. One minute she was alone, the other she was with a new friend. Tsking Tsuki.

Friends forever.

Tsuki had forgotten her words. But again, who kept childhood promises?

"Eri!" Tsuki called out from behind a tower of boxes. "You still there?"

Eri snapped out of it. "Yes, yes."

"Seems like you were day dreaming."

"Well," Eri said, "More like day reminiscencing."

Tsuki tsked. "You're always anywhere but the present."

"Tsuki?" Eri called out.

Tsuki set down the tower of bags. "Yes?"

"Thanks you. Thank you for helping me down that tree."

Tsuki crossed her arms. "Oh, that. It was *really* a challenge, wasn't it? It'd have been easier to get down a kite."

"Still, you didn't give up. You didn't give up on me."

Tsuki smiled. "Friends never give up on each other."

"But they leave ..."

Tsuki stared at Eri for a moment. Then she fished in the pocket of her jeans, lit up a cigarette, and sat next to Eri. "Look, I'm leaving. It's true. But that doesn't mean we won't be friends anymore. We'll still be friends forever."

"But you won't be able to help me if I get stuck to a treehouse again."

Tsuki placed a arm on Eri's shoulder. "Then, you'll have to go down by yourself. Shine your own light---do you think you can do that?"

Eri peered down at the sneakers. "I'll try."

Tsuki patted Eri's shoulder, and asked Eri to help her. It was her turn to help this time.

"Do you think you can do it?" Tsuki had also asked Eri that night at the treehouse.

At that time, Eri hadn't replied *I'll try*. Instead, she'd said, "No, but that doesn't matter---because you're here."























[Tsking Tsuki]

[Me too. My mother died]

[Even back thent Eri was suffering because of boys.]
