Eri arrived to her apartment around ten. Sad. Nostalgic. Exausted. With new thoughts forming, and old ones breaking apart. *Why do people always leave?* This had been Eri's lifelong question---and ultimate fear. Something she feared more than heights. Cramped spaces. Why? Maybe because, as much she hated the idea, people weren't connected to another. They were more like asteriods bumping into each other from time to time. A fleeting encounter, and when it's over, they are left like before---floating alone in the vast, empty cosmos.

Cosmos. Blood-Red Star.

Tsuki had filled so much space in Eri's mind, that "The Sunday Earthquake and the Blood-red planet" hadn't been able to squeeze in. *Red-blood star*. That's right. Eri had completely forgotten about her plan. The one she had had before the issue with Takeshi. And Chai. She decided to leave that for later. This research was more important---well, at least less painful.

She sat on her desk and flipped open her laptop. Squinting at the white light, she launched her browser and typed "red star". The first result---no supprisignly---was about communism. The five fingers of the worker's hand. Or totalitarian regimes. Opposite ideologies, but that are linked by a common past---of blood, of bullets, of bombs. Could the Blood-red star be that? A real-life symbol?

No, that didn't make much sense. Eri decided to refine her search. "red star astronomy."

This time Eri stumbled upon the *red giants*---stars that are on their way on becoming little suns. She had never heard of them. How was that possible? They'd existed for billions and billions of years, after all.

The most famous star giant was Gamma Crucis, the nearest one to the sun, and the third-brighest stars in the constellation of Crux. The Portuguese named it "Ruby" because of it's color. Oh yes! Gamma Crucis had to be the Blood-red planet. Ecstatic, Eri searched for Crux, to confirm her theory, to try the jigsaw on the puzzle.

Oh, no.

Eri leaned back for a moment, staring at the dots and lines in front of her. Crux---as she should have guessed---it was a cross. Not the triangle of the recording. Wait, did she get the wrong constellation? Confused, Eri searched the photo of all the constellations. She checked them one by one, until she found it---a sideway triangle with two strings on each lower end. Like a kite. A jellyfish.

The constellation of Libra.

With its two string on each side, it was supposed to resemble a scale. Justice. Equilibrium. But since it was standing on the side, it looked as if the scale were leaning heavity to the right---so much it made the scale flip over. The responsible of that being the Blood-red planet, perched on the end of the string.

Could there be a red giant in Libra? Eri read the full article of the constellation; she also tried the two keywoards together. No, there was none. So it couldn't be. Besides, red blood planets looked rounder, bigger. The Blood-red star looked exactly like its neighbors---in size, shape---the only difference was its color.

No doubt. Just like Sunday's earthquake, there was no information about the Blood-red planet---maybe Eri could only find out about it on the recording.

That's right, she had to continue watching recording. Damn. What was with her memory recently?

Cursing the wasted time, she went to her desk, opened her drawer, and dug up Tsuki's camera. It was cold, like an ancient artifact exavated from a glacier. Eri began to worry that it was broken or something. She pressed the button.

The screen flickered on on.

Just like last time, the screen was completely dark. So black, Eri could see her own reflection like in a mirror. The video couldn't end here, couldn't it?

Just as Eri was beginning to believe this, something appeared on the camera---gray and black shapes that resembled deformed teeth. They joined together in an arch until forming a mouth-like tunnel, which went all the way forward, until vanishing in a deep, circular hole. What was going on? Had De-Shi been swallowed by a monster.

Or maybe by the earth.

Yes, that was what had happened: De-Shi was trapped inside the debris of the building. Had the whole building collapsed? No, that couldn't be. The earthquake had just been a six. An earthquake of that magnitude could only bring down a house of cards.

"Help!" De-Shi yelled, an loud, echoing sound. "Can someone hear me?"

De-Shi waited. Eri waited. But there was no response.

He continued calling out for help, rattling Eri's hand with the vibration of his voice. Still, no one. Had De-Shi been the only one in the building?

"Anyone there?" De-Shi called out again, but the fact was clear: there was no one there. He was the only one. What had happened to the rest? Had De-Shi been the only one in the building? No, that was unlikely---or maybe the rest was death.

"Oh, that's right," De-Shi said and the camera blurred for a moment. When the image came back, there was light. De-Shi had switched on the light of the camera. Very opportune.

Now with light, Eri could finally see the place clearly. Pieces of wall and concrete stuck out like broken glass. Wires and tubes lay around like intestines. All of that, coated by a gray, grainy coat of dust. Despite being trapped in such an awful place, De-shi had been lucky. The walls and roofs had created a tunnel for him. One that had saved him from becoming a meat pancake. A human-sized coin.

However, the facts were facts: he was trapped and had nowhere to go. No one to talk to. No one to recieve help from. De-Shi, in the video, was living Eri's biggest nightmare. Only thinking about it made her back cold and her heart pound. In a situation like that, Eri would probably lose her mind---except she could send it somewhere else. Anywere but---

*Clank. Clank.* Eri's hands were shaken again---this time not De-Shi but a a flat metallic sound. Like steps on a ladder. A hammer on concrete.

Or someone calling out for help.

"Hello?" De-Shi called out, also noticing the sound.

He pointed the camera around but all it lit up were glass and rubble. Realizing this, he stopped and listened. Listened, listened.

"The sound's coming from the back," De-Shi finally said to no one in particular.

It took Eri a moment to understand what the *back* meant. The dark end of the tunnel. And to that direction, De-Shi crawled. Inch by inch, pointing to the dark hole ahead. As he did, Eri wondered why the person was making sounds with a metal instead of with his or her voice. Was badly injure? Couldn't talk? Suddenly, Eri felt dread, of what De-Shi would find at the end of the tunnel. Or of what he won't find.

"Hello?" De-Shi called out again. "If you hear me, please reply."

Instead of a reply, though, the clanking stopped. What? De-Shi stopped and listened. Eri too. What had happened to the person? Had it be a person at all? But if not, what could it have been? A shared illusion like the Blood-red planet? Eri had so many questions the reality in the recording was starting to become uncertain. As well as her own.

"Hold on, I'm coming!" De-Shi said, and increased his pace. Crawling, crawling, crawling. By now, the screen was just a messy blur. Of shapes, of chaos, of darkness. It made Eri's head dizzy. Crawling, crawling, crawling. But it didn't last long; De-Shi finally stopped and the camera regained focus---to show a mountain of rubble. Pieces of walls that weren't walls anymore. A mess that couldn't be more chaotic.

Had she sound come from there?

The camera pointed at a diminute hole on the wall. A hole that led to total darkness. The light only managed to show the same rubble and debris. Just deeper, darker. There aws nothing on the other side. Maybe the sound had been another shared imagination, after all. The fantasy of two minds.

"Hello?" De-Shi called out for the second time. "Somebody there?"

He waited. Eri waited. The camera kept pointing at the dark hole.

Suddenly, as though sparked by De-Shi's voice, the metallic sound came back. *Clank. Clank.* This time, Eri could feel it in her fingers, in her bones. And she was sure De-Shi, too. He was probably going deaf with that numbing noise. No, doubt. It was coming from the other side of the wall.

Then, another sound joined, someone moving pieces of bricks. It was De-Shi. The camera showed De-Shi's hand trying---with the effort of a dentist---to pluck out a square feeble brick. It wanted to let go and not at the same time. Fall and stay. Finally, a thick screen of white dust surrounded the camera, turning the screen all white. It took Eri a few minutes so figure out what had happened.

De-Shi had succeded.

Now, in place of a brick, was a hole. Although the size of a first, it showed the same darkness as before. Maybe the wasn't a single speck of moon down here. No hope, no light.

The camera pointed at  the home for a moment. Then, carefully, almost in slow motion, De-Shi extended his hand towards the hole.

He was half-way when a hand grabbed him. *Oh God!* Eri jumped up at it, almost dropping the camera. When she got ahold of it, she stared at the scene. At De-Shi forcing and screaming in a half-blur. The hand was clutching at De-Shi's wrist like a handcuff. Eri could catch just a few glimpses. But they were enough to see the the arm---or what it was left of it. It was completely covered with red. Almost a lump of meat. Only two fingers were straight, the rest were hanging like pendulums. A bone stuck out from the elbow like a pterodactyl's wing.

The camera shook. Blurred. De-Shi struggled.

Finally, as though having been shot by a hunter, the hand released De-Shi and the arm perched on the hole, limp, like a dead snake.

The camera remained still for a moment, splotched in the corner with blood.

"Hey!" De-Shi called out and reached for the hand.

He wrapped his bloody fingers around the bloody arm. With the other hand, he pressed the wrist. Waited for a moment. After a few seconds, he let out a gasp, that gradually became a sigh.

"No pulse," he said, as though to Eri.

She paused the video, set it on the desk, and leaned back on the chair, panting. She was still a bit shocked. Why had the video suddenly turned into a horror movie? She thought about this for a moment. The metallic smacking. The bloody arm. Maybe this person had been squeezed by the rubble, leaving him or her only semi-concious. Unable to talk. Maybe he or she got his mouth or throat hurt, leaving only one option: to make some noise---even though the person knew death was close. How did it feel like? To ask for help knowing that you are slowly dying? That help may not come on time?

Although distant---belonging to a far distant world---these thoughts were too much for Eri. They made her feel dizzy. Disgusted. So, trying to calm herself,

With a long sigh, Eri tucked Tsuki's camera back into the drawer, back into the darkness, just like person in the recording inside it. Yes, she knew she had been right from the beginning. Without needing to know the end.

The recording wouldn't just be a recording of an earthquake.
