Aries, Libra, Canis Major, Canis Minor---Eri had surveyed the constellations for the seventh time. One by one. Connecting each dot. But no, no Blood-red star---just an infinite canvas of black and white, exploding silently, showing a non-existent past.

Eri took a sip of Asahi cocktail can and, frowning, set it on her windowpane, next to her ferns. Maybe the Blood-red planet belonged to that: the past. The past captured in De-Shi recording---and that was why Eri couldn't see it. An obvious truth. But that, somehow, couldn't fit Eri's mind. To her, the video was showing her a footage of the present; what was happening to De-Shi right *now*. She wasn't sure why she felt like that. She only knew that she did.

But if that was the case, that meant that De-Shi was still trapped in the ruins of that building. No, that couldn't be. Then who put the video on the drawer? I could only have been De-Shi. Plus, the other people had seen him. Guong had seen him.

Guong.

Right, he was still looking for De-Shi; maybe his search had yelded some results.

Without thinking twice, Eri snatched her phone from the desk and, after spotting him on her contract, pressed ^^Call^^. One, two, three rings passed before Guong picked up.

"Thought you'd never call," he said with that familiar monotonous voice.

"I've been busy with---my earthquake project."

"You're more serious about it than I thought."

Eri nodded to the phone. "How about *your* project? Finding out about De-Shi?"

Guong fell silent for a moment. "How about we meet? I still have to tell you the rest of De-Shi's story. If you don't think it's too late."

"No, not at all," Eri said. "Where?"

Guong suggested they meet at a Japanese restaurant and bar he knew in Taipei Main Station. Being ten at night, it was the best option aside of a bar or McDonalds. Eri agreed. Besides, it was near to her house.

Eri reached there around ten thirty. She liked the place. On the right, it had a L-shaped wooden bar with red lanterns lined above it. On the left, small rounded tables scattered in the dark. Standing on the middle, were refrigerators with all kind of Japanese drinks: beers, sake, plum wine---together, with all their colors, they looked like a coral reef. True, Eri liked many Japanese things, like Asahi cocktails, sushi, even a bit of anime. Still, she had never felt any Japanese pride or feeling. To her, her Japanese blood was like air. Invicible, unoticeable, yet the very element that kept her alive.

"Here," said a man sitting in a small rounded table at the back.

Eri recognized his heavy build immediately. Tonight, he was wearing a tight T-shirt that said, ^Home Street Home^, a denim jacket and denim jeans. Eri felt relieved, since she hadn't dressed formal; she had just on a hoodie and faded jeans. Why? Maybe she felt a bit guilty---of having gone out with a guy at night, of having lied to Takeshi that she'd go out with Tsuki. *Anyway, a cheater doesn't deserve the truth.*

[Mention that Eri had lacked the guts to confront him this time. Maybe because she was more sure.]

After Eri sat across from Guong, he passed her the menu. "The sushi's good---but again, for a ex-homeless anything that doesn't come from a dumpster is good."

Eri chuckled. "Okay, I'll have that."

While waiting for the order, Guong and Eri drank poured themselve some sake from an Japanese urn. Eri had read somewhere that sake tasted good if you were in a good mood, and bad if you had a bad one. Tonight, the sake tasted absolutely of nothing. What did that mean?

"So, did you find out about De-Shi?" Eri blurted out, unable to hold back her anymore.

[That's right, sorry I forgot about the tape that day]

[I never saw any tape.]

[That mean that De-Shi placed it there the day Eri had come? Maybe he had read the email exchange? But when why not show up himself?]

"I'm afraid not," the Ming replied.

"Neither the police?"

"The searched everywhere," Ming said, "they searched his apartment, they asked around at our company. He had been calling in sick so no one knew about him the last days that he was seen, so very few people could tell much about him." The man stopped for a moment. "They also ask me but as I told you I didn't see him much either. So no, he's been missing for almost a month and no one has seen him. Neither his family and he didn't have a girlfriend so there's no one to ask."

Eri remained there for a moment listening to the darkness in her ear. For some reason, she could barely believe these words. It felt weird. Maybe it was because Eri had seen De-Shi---even though in just a tape---for so long that she didn't feel as if he were missing. She saw him everyday. Struggling inside that building. Wait a minute---

That it was maybe ... he had gotten trapped in the earthquake and he never made his way out. That explained why he had gotten lost and never appeared again. How hadn't Eri thought about it? Now it all made sense.

*So De-Shi never make it out of that earthquake.* But wait that didn't make sense. Then how did the video appear in his room? That didn't make any sense either

"Hello? Are you still there?" Ming asked Eri.

"Yeah, I'm still here." For a moment, Eri had a strong urge of telling this to Ming. On the other hand, she was scared. She had stolen that video from De-Shi's room without telling him. The man might get angry and come for her. And then if he stole the video from her, then she would never be able to finish it. *No I can't do it. I can't do that.*

What Eri needed to do was to approach this problem in an indirect way. Like beating around the bush.

"Hey, do you ... remember the earthquake that happened last week?"

There was a silence on the other side of the line. Ming was probably wondering why she was suddenly talking about this. "Yeah, sure ... it was a pretty strong one. Stuff feel on my apartment. Why do you ask?"

"Well," Eri said, "De-Shi disappeared that same day, right? So I wonder if ... I don't know ... if something happened to him that day?"

"Well, yeah, it kind of make sense," Ming said. "But as for me I didn't heard of anyone telling me anything about him that day."

Eri squinted at the phone. "Nothing at all? I mean. It was a big earthquake."

"Yeah, I agree a pretty big one. Still, I don't know what you're getting at."

"I mean ... didn't something happen to his room, or his apartment?" Eri asked. "The apartment wasn't ... didn't suffer any damages after the earthquake? It wasn't rebuilt."

There was a brief silence on the other side of the line. He seemed to be thinking about this. "No, no as far as I know it didn't suffer any damanges."

Eri squinted again at the phone. "Are you sure?"

"I'm sure," Ming said. "In fact, I've been there myself. As I told you before, I went there at the building a couple of times ... and I never saw the building in ruins or heard about it being demolished by the earthquake---well, I think there was a crack or two but that was everything that I heard about."

Eri stayed there in silent for a moment. She couldn't believe it. *How aboult it be?* No, it was impossible. The building had been destroyed ... it was all recorded into the tape. That meant ...

"Wait a minute, why are you suddenly bringing this?" Ming said. "Did you find something in De-Shi's room?"

"Oh, no," Eri said. "It's nothing I just---was asking because the dates are the same. It was much coincidence."

"I ... see," Ming said with a hint of skepticism. "Well, concidences *do* happen. But you have to remember that just because two things happened at the same time doesn't happen that they are related. It just mean that: that they happened at the same time."

Eri nodde at the phone. "I'll keep it in mind."

"Well, time to go," Ming said. "I have some photographic word to attend. You know how it is. People are getting married every day."

"I see, please go I don't want to waste more of your time."

Ming agreed and didn't go away immediately. He stayed in the phone as though he suspected that Eri knew more than she had sputtered on the phone and Eri felt her hands felt sweaty around the phone for a few minutes.

Finally to her relief, Ming said goodbye and asked her to tell her anything if she found out about something. Eri promised that she would. If she fould out something.

Eri let out a sigh, promising that very soon she would have to apologize to him---to hide this thing about this friend. Something that might be important. But Eri just couldn't bear the thought of him snatching the thing from her. Of not being able to see the video that she had been waiting all along until the end.

Well, even if it wasn't exactly the video that she had thought of.

Eri rewinded the conversation that she had had with Ming. So according to Ming the building hadn't gone down. And that it hadn't been reconstructed. What the hell, now *she* was the one seeing the catastrophe and others not seeing it. Would the and people see the same thing for once?

Eri sat on her bed and thought about what to do for a moment. And it didn't take her long to figure out what she should do. She would have to take a second visit to that building.

* * *

The day was cloudy with clouds so black and thick they looked like coal. It wouldn't have surprised Eri if the rain that fell from them was black. Or a rain so heavy that would cause a flood. Well, at least Eri had come out with her orange jacket against the water and tall boots. She wouldn't have to worry much about that.

Eri stood in front of the non-descript building again. She looked at it's towering figured. Old figure. Yes, it indeed looked very old. It didn't look like something that had been re-constructed recently. The bricks despite the weather looked as new as freshly out of the cement machine. And the water pipes also like a new swimming pool. The roof looked sparkling despite of the sun not being her today. It didn't make much sense.

Maybe it had been reconstructed?

Eri finally waked beside the building and in the sitting place where was a palm and traces her fingers in the in soft ceramic wall that was there. No, cracks it was just a smooth maroon structure.

No doubt, Ming had said the true: the building hadn't fallen that day and it hadn't either been reconstructed. Then what had really happened?

"Hey miss," said a voice.

Eri froze and turned to the side. Next to her was the guard. A fat tall man with a gold tooth and a balding head. He looked a bit intimidating but again that was probably why they gave him that job.

"Do you live in this building miss?"

Eri froze for a moment wondering what answer she should give. If she said no, the guard would tell her then what she was doing here. If she said yes, then he would ask her in which floor and if she answered with a floor where someone else was living she was done.

"No, I don't leave here," Eri finally said. "I'm looking ... for someone that I know."

"Might I know the name?" the guard asked.

After some hesitation, Eri replied. "De-Shi Tsai."

The guard suddenly wide-eyed said, "Oh, they guy that disappeared?"

Eri relaxed a bit. Maybe knowing that Eri had a reason to be here had softened a bit. She decided to play dumb. "Oh, he disappeared?"

The guard nodded crossing his arms behind the counter. "You don't know? Uh? He disappeared exatly a month ago ... I personally I didn't see it or maybe he went away when I wasn't in my shift."

"And no one knows where he went or where he is?" Eri asked.

"No miss," the guard said. "He was a very solitary guy, even more the last days before he disappeared. Some people say that he suffered from agorafobia the last days before he disappeared."

"Agora what?" Eri asked.

"Fear of leaving your house," the guard said. "The guy was never social to start with. And some people began to think that he feared people too. And at the end very few people saw him leaving the house ... so they naturally concluded that. Yes, not one tha makes perfect sense but it isn't sensless either."

Eri nodded, surprised at what could gossip could go.

"But anyway," the guard said. "I shouldn't be talking so much about this ... and you are his ..."

"Uh, I'm his ... girlfriend ... I've been on town and my mother asked me to come to get some of this things."

"Oh, so you need the keys to get them?"

"Oh, no it's not necessary," Eri replied. "I already get them."

"I see," the guard said. "It should be very hard ... for your family I mean. I also had once a girlfriend ... [rewrite this story] who went missing and couldn't find him. Luckily, they finally found her somewhere in Taichung she had ran away from home from an allegued *abuse* from her dad. But it just turned out that had just been mad at her ..."

Eri nodded wondering why this guard was telling her so much. Maybe it wasn't his fault. Maybe he rarely talked with people around here.

The guard however realized this. "Oh, sorry. I shouldn't be talking about all this. I should apologize to my sister and to you for wasting your time."

"That's all right," Eris said. "I want to know everything respecting De-Shi ... I mean my cousin."

"Is there anything else you would like to know?" the guard said with what seemed a genuine intention to help.

"Well, yeah I have a question," Eri said, touching the white wall above the counter. "Is this building an---old building?"

The guard rubbed the balding spot in the top of his head confused for a moment but finally replied. "Yes miss. This building has been here for a long time. It's one of the oldest buildings that had been around. In fact it's the oldest one."

"So it has been here for more than half a year?" Eri asked.

The guard looked at Eri confused again. "Yes, yes, of course."

Finally Eri decided to tackle the topic and not to play around the bush.

"Did it happen something to it with the earthquake that happened last week?"

The guard looked at her for a moment. "No, nothing at all. Not even a single scratch. The only thing that accomplished was to freak the hell out of some people. It was the only building around here that didn't suffer any damanges. For that we could be proud of for this is one of the strongest buildings in the area."

Eri nodded, confused and disappointed again. So it was truth. The building hadn't been destroyed like in the video. *But what am I saying? I'm disappointed because the building didn't go down and kill people?* Eri disgusted at herself what her obsession had made of her?

"Yes, yes," the guard said. "They really made up their minds to build a stronger building after the last one fell down."

Eri turned to the guard with widened eyes. "What? Previous one? What do you mean?"

"Your cousin De-Shi didn't tell you about this?" the guard said somehow confused.

"Uh no," Eri said. "To be honest, I haven't talked many times with him. As I said, I only arrived at the city."

The guard looked at Eri skeptically for a moment and then finally nodded as though saying, *Maybe I'm imagining things.*

"Well, the building---or I should say the one previous to this one didn't have much luck with an earthquake last night. It practically fell down completely. It was big news at the time."

Eri couldn't believe it. "This is the ... building that fell on June 16 ... of 2008?"

"Yes, is this one," the guard said, looking at it as though it were a warrior that had survived a catastrophe.

Eri nodded, she had heard that earthquake in the news. But at the time she had been too busy with exams that she hadn't digged so much about the issue. At that time she *wasn't* interested in eathquakes as she was now.

"But  I don't undestand, how?" Eri said, "it was just an earthquake of magnitude six. An earthquake like that can't bring down a whole building."

"So it seems like you didn't see the news miss," the guard said.

Eri nodded ashamed. "Sorry, I wasn't as interested in them as I'm now."

"That's all right," the guard said with a warmth smile. "I know how youg people are distracted with other thing this time around." The man rubbed the balding stop on the top of his head. Eri had seen that habbit in her dad too.

"Yes, you're right. An earthquake of magnitude six can't bring a building of 14th floors down." The man said as though he were a guide in a museum. "But this one wasn't a normal buiding. And I'm not saying it a good way; it was badly built. And not by accident. It was built by a engineer that refused to use the strong base in order to save money. A really black heart. He had the choice to use the firm kind but refused to save himself some money. That saving however resulted on other people losing millions and millions and even lives without a price. Sons, grandmothers, daughers. Damn, it's truth what they say that the world it's just a business. A dirty business."

Eri nodded and she felt guilty of having been so insensible at the time. Of not caring about these people's feelings. Heck---she hadn't even know that they existed.

Just like she didn't know that De-Shi existed. Someone who would play a big role in her life. Wait---what about---

"And De-Shi? He was living here, right?" Eri asked. "At that time?"

"That's correct, miss."

"So did, he get trapped in the earthquake?"

"Well, I admit I don't have the full knowledge of that but ... he seemed to have been here when the earthquake happened so I assume he did. I'm very sure he did though there are no concrete records."

"So neither there are records of him getting out from the earthquake I assume."

"Sorry, but I don't ..." the guard said. "Sorry I don't have more information to provide you."

"No don't it's okay," Eri said. "You gave me enough information."

After taht Eri thanked the guard for talking to her and then she started away from the building. As the did, she watched the incoming night in the sky. The clouds had disappeared and the first stars had appeared in the sky.

Eri let out a sigh. She couldn't believe it. So the recording hadn't been of the earthquake of last week. It had been of an earthquake of last week but of the previous year. 365 days. An earthquake that had nothing to do with her.

Eri let out another sigh.

Now what was she supposed to do?

Had her journey ended?
