Eri reached back home at night. She took a shower grabbed an Asashi cocktail can from the refrigerator and went up to her rooftop to drink it there alone, while enjoying the frest air of the rooftop.

She leaned there on the railing and gazed up at the dark sky. And the red planet was there. Stationed in the same spot as always. In the same spot as in the recording. Glowing with its red-blood brightness. Eri stared at it for a long time while drinking her drink. She felt both disappointed and confused and she didn't know what to do next.

Wait a minute.

Was it really true that the video hadn't nothing to do with her?

Maybe that wasn't the case at all. If that was the case the red planet wouldn't have appeared in the sky. The reality in the video wouldn't have mixed up with hers. That meant *something*. The video wanted to tell her something. But what was trying to tell her? What was De-Shi trying to tell her? Eri wasn't sure, but for some reason the believed that the video would give her an answer to her question---though perhaps not one that she was waiting or wishing for.

Eri looked at the sky again. She thought about her talk with the guard today. She thought about the earthquake that had happen at that time. About the fact that that had been the only building that had stood in place.

Something else it didn't make sense. If the earthquake had happened a year ago---why had De-Shi talked about the girl? Mei-Ling? Maybe Eri was right? Maybe De-Shi was still trapped down there in the eartkquake? Or maybe he had been watching the video over and over again for some reason until he became trapped again in that dark space?

Eri looked to the side. What a catastrophe. A big catastrophe by the habitants of that building. They had lost everything.

Eri wonder how many people had been in that building. Ten? Hundred? Thousands? Eri wondered what kind of people they were. What they had lost. Had they been single? Students? Workers? Couples? Or families? Eri shuddered at the thought of children running around in terror. At mothers and fathers covering with their bodies to save their children. And the children seeing their parents being squashed with tons and tons of concrete. *Horrible.*

Wait a minute---families.

Eri couldn't believe it. How did it happen? She had completely forgotten to check if her father was okay. Of calling him right after the earthquake had happened. *Stupid*. Or *careless?*

Quickly, Eri dashed to her room and fetched her phone which was resting on her desk. She searched her contacts for her father and dialed the number. It rang one, two, three, eight times. *The phone you are contacting isn't available. Please leave a message*.

Dammit.

Eri's heart began pounding. She checked the time on her phone. Sunday. Half past one. Her father didn't work on Sunday and even if he did for some strange reason he would be in break time now. Why didn't he pick up the phone then? Eri began passing around the room, thinking what to do. What if her father was hurt or something like that? Eri felt responsible for this, since---since she hadn't been in touch with him in a while. But had that been her fault? Well, when who elses?

Eri decided to stop thinking about this and think about the possibilities. The positive ones. *Yes, think positive*. Maybe her father was having lunch. Or drinking beer with one of his friends. Or maybe even dating someone. Yeah, that was preferably and possible.

Suddenly, Eri's phone rang. She immediately picked up and placed it on her ear.

"Hello?" Eri blurted out immediately.

"Who's this?" said a female voice.

Eri felt confused for a moment, but then her senses let her understand what was going on. "Is Ming there?"

"Who's this?" the female voice said again.

"Eri, her---daughter," Eri said.

"Oh, E-ri ..." The woman said. "Sorry, I thought your were---"

"No, relax, it's just me, my father isn't having an affair, stay relaxed."

"That's good to hear," she woman said. Although Eri didn't know the women's voice---and probably the women---she kind of liked her. She was kind and peaceful---not like the other ones.

"So," Eri said, "is he ... around?"

"Oh, no, he---" There was a deep silence on the other side of the line that made Eri uncomfortable. "He's in the hospital."

"What"? Eri's heart began to thump. Where her suspicions right? "Why is he there?"

"Sorry, we tried to tell you, but you number kept saying that it was out of service.

"Oh, sorry," Eri said, pulling out her phone. "What happen is---I changed of phone company and my number. I added dad to  my contacts but forgot to tell him about it." Eri came back to the the present. "Anyway, so why is dad in the hospital, is something serious?"

"Well, it's not an *emergency*, and he's not in serious danger still---I think it's better that he tells you about it. He didn't give me permission to tell you. So I think---he'll come back in in an hour or two."

"Tell him I'll be there for dinner. Can I?"

"Sure, this is your house after all."

"Yeah," Eri said though she wasn't very sure whether that was right. Was it her *home* anymore? If it were her home she would have wanted to go back. She wouldn't have stayed away from there for so long.

And with that she said goodbye to the woman who she forgot to ask her name and hung up.

Eri took another gulp of water and sprawled herself on the kitchen chair, staring at the maze-like roof. Eri knew that she should have asked more. Asked the women more about her parent. But she couldn't. One because she felt weird of having a stranger tell her something so personal and so familiar. But the main reason was *fear*. Eri feared what the woman would tell her, what he news would shake her.

*But wait a minute,* Eri thought. *The woman had said that it wasn't an emergency. Which could mean two things: one that her father had just suffered a minor injury. Or two that he was just doing a regular check. But there was the still. *Still*. If it was something as trivial as the options that Eri had thought why not just tell her. Why did her father did have to give her *permission* to tell Eri. Tell her about what?

Now that she thought about it, she should have asked the women about her dad. But no---something didn't let her do it. But what was it? What made her feel so relieved that the woman would do so for her? Sometimes Eri could understand her thoughts but not her feelings. Or maybe there wasn't even a though to some feelings that she felt. Not a word to describe them. At least no one that anyone had created yet. She felt that language was so limited at times.

Eri took another gulp and glanced at her room.

What had she missed in these six months of not having seeing her dad?

* * *

Eri took the one-hour subway to Tamsui where her old house was. Not home. She looked herself on the mirror, made clear because of the grayish river on the other side. She had finally decided on she same hoodie that she had been wearing in the morning and jeans and the Nike cap that she had been wearing since high-school. She had no idea why she had chosen this attire. No, she knew. It had always somehow made her feel weird---dressing like a *grown up* women in front of her dad.

For some reason, it made her feel weird. Like she was in a disguise or a costume. Not in a shape that her dad has since since her birth. Eri knew that it was a weird thought and probably it was all in her mind. But her mind was the one that made her feel things. Made her feel uncomfortable.

Eri was keeping an eye on the remaining stations, the glowing red letters against the black background. They seemed to go a little too slow. Five stations to go, four stations to go. It felt as if the train was in an infinite loop and she was trapped in it.

That however, wasn't the case and very soon she reached the station.

Tamsui.

She took a few deep breaths and stood in front of the door and went out with the other passengers. The door opened and out she went.

As she stepped outside, she looked around at the hordes of people roaming around.

Tamsui was just as she remembered it. Hot. Busy. She felt like going to the toilet, so she went to the back of the station. There, she peeked at the Tamsui night market. A poor family played a song as generous people threw coins into the box. People sat on the square seats with plants eating squids and hot dogs. At the back, kids played with those plastic toys that you can throw into the sky, and couples chatted silently under the palm trees. At the back a ferry was passing, without lights and cutting through the gray river. On the deck were lights and the blue boat bobbing up and down like toy boats.

Eri stared at the scenery entranced. It hadn't changed much. In fact, it hadn't changed at all. But anyway, why would it change after six months?

After going to the toilet, Eri waited in line to take the bus in direction to Tamkang University, where her old house was. Her father tough Spanish there as a professor. And since he hated commuting---as much as Eri did---he had decided to leave nearby the university---so he could walk to it. Jog. When people asked him why he walked he would always reply: "Because I don't like to waste time." While walking he could listen to lectures or think about his classes or others things. While behind the wheels he couldn't be able to to these things. It would waste his time.

As Eri took the bus uphill to Tamkang University, she watched the people making line to the other buses. Eri thought about how none of them had felt the earthquake like she did. This made her feel isolated detached. As though she were trapped in inside a space without being able to communicate with the outside world. Could she communicate with them ever again? Would she be able to become part of this thing she called city again?

Finally the bus reached Tamkang University, she went down in the section of streets with restaurants and cafe and the kind. She went down the bus and headed towards that section and then in into the alley where her house was. For some reason, her apprehension had began to fade. Maybe it was because she had seen the stuff around her. The stuff that she cherished and remembered the same as she had last seem them. This gave her a strange feeling of peace. As though nothing was gone. Everything was still in its place.

Eri finally reached the end of the alley and there it was. Her house. It was still there. And why wouldn't it be? It wasn't that the earthquake last week would have torn it down---even though the thought had crossed her mind for a few seconds.

The building was a nondescript one. It consisted of two square floors---each a replica of the previous one. The windows looked all the same and the red painting was beginning to peel off. Far from the image of the *ideal* home that Eri had had when she was a child. But it was still home. Well, at least it had been. Was it still? Could she still call it home?

Eri stood in front of the white door for a moment. She took a deep breathe and knocked at the door. She waited and half-wished that no one would come to the door. Or at least not her dad.

But he did. Before she had time to compose herself, her dad opened the door. He stood there for a moment, staring at her half-confused half-expectant.

He looked the same; nothing had changed actually. He had the same thick brows, the same long almost hippie hair, and the spotlessly shaved beard that made his chin look smoother even than the skin of some women. Yes, his hair was graying but it had been the same gray that she had seen the last time she had seen him.

Quickly, her father moved forward and grabbed Eri by the shoulders. "Are you okay Eri. You have me so worried."

It took a few minutes for Eri to figure out what her father was talking about.

"Oh, yes. Everything is alright."

"How's your apartment?"

Eri smiled. "As if nothing had happened."

"Thanks God," Eri's father said, even though he wasn't religious at all. "Stella told me about your phone. You should really let me know this time."

So her name was *Stella*. "Okay, dad. Sorry."

Eri's father let go and let out a sigh. "That's all right. I understand. It's my fault. I should have driven to your apartment or something."

"You don't know where I live."

"Oh that's right," Eri's father said in that joking tone that he had. "Forgot about that."

Eri smiled and for the first time in a while, she felt at home.
