Eri's father opened the door and held the door for her like he always did even from when she was a child. Nostalgia invaded her as she came in. Everything looked the same; the same Japanese furniture, the same tatami, the same Japanese paintings---despite of having the tendency to change of partners regularly, he liked to keep old stuff, stuff from old times. Eri could see that some of the things that were still here, dated from the date that she was born. Or maybe before.

Her father told Eri to seat on the table while he prepared the food. A simple *udon* with *miso* soup, the stuff that he regularly cooked after Eri's mother passed away, but that she never grown tired of. The familiar taste, the familiar smell. For some reason she grew tired of it.

Looking at her father cooking and moving energetically around made Eri feel as though the whole thing about the *medial issue* had been a bad joke or something that she had dreamed. Or maybe it was? Eri still couldn't gather the courage to ask. She asked something else instead.

"So where's Stella?" Eri still couldn't get used to say the word. She felt as though she were saying a foreign word in a wrong way.

"Oh, her," Eri's father said still stirring the *miso* soup, without turning around. "I was planning to tell you about her ... but again, I didn't have your phone number."

"It's all right," Eri said, "I'm just asking where she is."

Eri's father stopped for a moment and then continued cooking. "She---was a afraid of making you feel uncomfortable---you know being here without you knowing about her."

Eri let out a sigh. "You should have told her that it was all right. That I was used to it."

"I know," Eri's father said somewhat relieved and apologetic. "But you know how are women---oh, sorry---"

"Bet that was intentional," smirked Eri. Eri was glad that her dad hadn't miss the thing that she missed the most; his sense of humor.

"But really, Eri?" Her father continued. "You really don't mind about her?"

Eri shook her head even though she knew that her father couldn't see her. "I told you before. It doesn't bother me the fact that you are going out with other women. In fact, that's the very thing that I wanted you to do. So that you wouldn't feel lonely. Having a woman next to you when the one that you raised wasn't there anymore. It scared me more if you hadn't found someone."

"I see," her father said. "You know, I'm very lucky to have a daughter as considerate and selfless as you."

Eri blushed. "Well, I don't deserve that much credit. Actually, I'm just like this because I don't know how to be in another way. It's just the way I was born."

"And modest."

Eri smiled again.

"So why ..." her father began but couldn't make him self to finish she sentence."

"Why did I never came back home?"

"Yeah," her father said. "And not calling even for Christmas."

"I'm sorry ..."

"That's all right," her father said. "I'm not looking for apologies, just answers."

Eri nodded at his back. And then staring at her hand under the dim yellow light, she said, "As I said, it doesn't bother me that you have new partners. Or that you started having them after mom died. The problem is not that you remind me of the past, but the future. Of the things that can occur."

Eri's father stopped and turned around. "Sorry, I understand your words but not what they mean."

"It's all right," Eri said with a nostalgic smile. "They are meant to be heard not understood, anyways."

Eri's father smiled, grabbed the *udon* and the *miso* soup and set it on the table. After that he sat on the other side and both began eating. Eri slurped at the noodles and the familiar scent invaded her. The scent of homemade food. Eri had taken this scent for granted and it was stronger than ever after her tongue had gotten used to the plasticity and artificiality of the food at 7-Eleven and McDonalds. It felt like eating cardboard or plastic.

They ate in silence for a moment under the dim yellow light.

"So," Eri finally said, after gathering some courage. "Why are going to the hospital recently?"

"Oh, nothing," Eri's father said matter-of-factly. "Just medical checks."

"Are you sure?" Eri said suspiciously. "Stella said that she didn't have permission to tell me ..."

"I see," Eri's father said with a sigh. "Guess one gets caught sooner or later."

Eri nodded. "It's better sooner. So what is it? Please tell me. I need to know."

Eri's father stirred his soup for a moment and for a moment he seemed lost in the whirlpool that he had formed. Then, after a long sigh, he said, "It's testicular cancer."

"What?" Eri heard the words but it took her brain a moment to join the two. Testicular. Cancer. And then another effort to join the two words to her dad. Testicular cancer. Dad. Once the both concepts joined together though she had a hard time accepting it.

"But not, it can't be, why you?" Eri said, having lost interest in her food.

"Well, maybe it's a punishment from god for having used the so much, so recklessly," Eri's father said jokingly though he probably know that Eri wouldn't laugh. After noticing this, he added. "It's very common in men my age. So it's not bad luck that I have it. More like average luck."

"So it's common to cure it?" Eri ventured not knowing a single thing about testicular cancer. Until, know it hadn't even been a part of her world.

"Yes," Eri's father said, "usually the surgery only consists on removing the damaged testicle and we discussed that with the doctor. But they first want to make sure that it isn't a malignant case."

"What ... what happens if it's malignant?" Eri asked.

"Well, the malignant cells can travel to the abdomen and cause more tumor growth there."

"And the doctors suspect that?" Eri asked, her heart beating again.

"They are still examining my testicle tissues in the lab."

"But if they were sure that there isn't anything they wouldn't be examining the tissues."

"Doctors have to make sure of anything, since cancer isn't a light thing."

Eri nodded, her head still foggy with the news. She could barely think well.

"Eri, you haven't even touched your food," her father said.

"Oh, yeah," Eri said sipping her soup, but she could barely her herself swallow.

Finally her dad sat up from his seat and stood next to Eri with his arm on her shoulder. "Look, darling. Don't worry much about it. We haven't had the results yet so worrying a lot about it is useless. If it turns out to be nothing you would have be worried in vain."

"But if it turns out to be true?" Eri said somberly.

"Well, then I'll work it out. There's always a solution for things. And sometimes changing your mentality towards the problem is also a solution."

"Okay," Eri said, a bit unsure if she shared her dad's perspective. "But it's *we* will work it out, not *I*."

Her father smiled and caressed Eri's hair. "Yes, *we*."

Eri turned to the side and slowly hugged her dad. She took in the faint smell of shaving cream and cologne. The scent that had filled her whole childhood. Had she evaded and abandoned her past just because she had been scared of the future? How could she had done that? Or maybe she hadn't really have a choice?

"Can I spend the night? Can I?" Eri asked in an almost whisper.

"Of course, Eri," Eri's father said, stroking her hair. "This is your home, after all."

"But I didn't bring any clothes ..."

"Not necessary," her dad said with a smile. "I still have some of yours here. And I'm sure they still fit."

Eri looked up and smiled. "Thanks that, I'm sure they still fit two.

Eri and her dad remained eaten in silence after that. As though every word had been exchanged, and every exchange had been conveyed into a word. So it wasn't an awkward silence but a peaceful one.

So maybe it was truth after all. Eri was *indeed* at home.

* * *

After finishing the meal, Eri's father insisted on washing the dishes and asked Eri to go up and see if everything was all right with her room. She smiled and did as she was told. One of the few times that she was completely glad of following her dad's orders.

Eri went down the cracking steps among the Japanese drawings of mountains, valleys, of rivers. All of them black and white. In white canvas and ink. They were the same ones that she had seen in her childhood; her father hadn't added nor removed a single one.

Finally, Eri reached her room, and she stood in front of her maroon door. It still had the cartoon of a pine with head looked like the roof of house. Inside it, bird of all types lived. Owls, hummingbirds, hawks. As I child, Eri had dreamed of living in a house like that; but right now she was just satisfied with this one. It was the only one where she wanted to be.

With a sigh, Eri pushed the door open with opened with the hinges screeching probably from so many days of not having been open.

As she guessed, everything inside was just as she had left it; there were still her old TV that probably didn't work anymore. Her Pokemon dolls of all types and colors. Her magazines, mangas, and novels of all types and colors and shapes. The posters of all the bands that she had liked when she was in high school.

Yes she had always been the type who liked collected things. She had no idea why. Maybe it made her feel secure---by being surrounded by all these familiar things she felt like in a safer world, one that she know up to the smallest detail.

Eri walked toward her bed and and let herself fall in it, with the familiar smell of cotton wafting up the air and then slowly surrounding her. For some reason, she felt strange of being in her room. As though she didn't belong here. As though she had intruded in somebody else's room. She could hear her older self scolding her. *What are you doing here? Get out! Don't you understand that you don't belong here anymore. You're not that little girl anymore. You are someone else, someone who doesn't belong to this room.

Eri let out a sigh and covered her eyes.

*I don't want things to change. I want them to remain the same. Just like before.*

*No, things change Eri. There's never something solid. Even if you have an okay day, an okay week, an okay month, an okay year, this will eventually change. You'll eventually get into a problem. You'll eventually get sick. The people around you will get sick. They'll come, they'll go. There was very few truths in the world. But there's one that's absolutely certain: change.*

*Why are you?*

*You don't know me yet. Because I haven't been born yet. The time hasn't come.*

Eri's eyes began to slowly close her eyes as she listened to this strange voice that talked to her. Maybe all the change and stress had made her feel sleepy. And silently, peacefully she felt asleep.

* * *

When Eri woke up in the middle of the darkness of her room. Her face felt dizzy and her mouth as if she had swallowed sand. She rubbed her eyes to make sure she was still here even though that wouldn't enable her to see anything anyways. She fumbled around until she located her phone---cold next to her. She looked at it. Twelve in the night. Dammit. Was was happening to her? What had she done to be so tired? It was as if she had been living two lives or something like that.

Eri groaned and sat up from her bed. She looked around and couldn't see her collections anymore everything was dark. She thought of turning on the light. But but when heard something and stopped walking and stopped in the middle of her room.

There was a talking downstairs. Was it his dad? He couldn't possibly be talking with himself. That meant that there was someone else.

Eri walked across her room and opened a small crack in the door, letting the light of the corridor pour down. She remained like that for a moment, listening to the discussion below.

"Is she upstairs?" a women's voice said. Stella.

"Yes, she fell asleep," Eri's father replied.

"Do you think it's all right for me to be here?" Stella sounded a bit impatient and self conscious."

"Of course, trust me Eri doesn't mind much about the whole issue," Eri's father said.

"How do you know?" asked Stella. "Did she tell you?"

"Actually yes."

"And you also told her about ... the hospital check?"

"That, too," Eri's father said to Stella.

"And how's she handling it?"

"Better than I thought," Eri's father said with conviction. "She's firmer than I thought. More stable than I thought."

"That's great," Stella said with genuine happiness.

Eri closed the door and leaned her back on it and let out a sigh. *Firmer than I thought*. The thing was that she couldn't tell her dad about all the things that were crossing her mind. It wasn't that she was afraid or embarrassed to do so. She just didn't know *how*. She couldn't find the right words like in the poems that she wrote. She couldn't even find the right words to explain it to herself. In that sense, she was alone in this. Completely alone.

Eri let out another sigh and watched the time. She couldn't stay here anymore.
