"Sure you wanna leave? You just came," Eri's father father said as he inserted the key into the door for then to go out.

Eri nodded. "I got some things to do, besides I don't want to spoil the mood that now you have with Stella.

"Eri, you're not spoiling anything," Eri's father said holding the bed. "She's happy that you're here. Actually, she's been wanting to meet you for a long time."

"It's all right," Eri said with a weak smile. "We still have time."

"Well, that's all right," Eri's father. "Hope this one stays for a longer time."

Finally Eri and her father got into her father's Toyota and after a few tries, he succeeded to turn on the engine. As he did, nostalgia invaded Eri. It reminded her when he father used to take her to school every morning. He did it every single time from elementary school to high school. She remembered that the trips would usually be silent as though, they were sharing and intimate moment. At first Eri thought that he father did that because he wanted to concentrate behind the wheels. But maybe it was just that he wanted to share the silence as though it were an intimate moment.

Their trip now were the same now. They were driving silently while Eri gazed out of the window. She saw her old elementary school, the old basket ball field, the old pine trees that surrounded it, the old park.

However, they somehow looked different now; it wasn't that there was a physical change: they still have their smooth and vibrant look. They simple didn't look the same with the *present* Eri. They meant something else. They didn't serve as the same purpose as before, in fact, they didn't serve any purpose anymore. They were no longer the same.

"Eri?" Eri's father suddenly blurted out.

Surprised, Eri turned around. In ten years, this was the first time that he had spoken. "Yes?"

After a brief silence, and looking straight ahead at the rainy/foggy scenery ahead, he said, "Eri is something wrong?"

"No," Eri said still confused. "Why do you ask?"

After another brief silence her father said, "I'm not sure if this makes sense, but I've noticed something strange in you ever since you've come to the house. As if you've been shaken up by something."

"Oh well," Eri said still a bit shocked. "It's about your ... condition. I still haven't been able to swallow it completely."

"I know it's hard. Sorry," her father said.

"C'mon it isn't your fault," Eri said. "It's ..."

"Nature's fault?" Eri's father said jokingly.

"Yeah, I guess so," Eri said.

"It's like with natural disasters," Eri's father continued. "No one is to blame. Some people think it's a punishment for something. But the truth is that they happen just because they happen. And it grabs anyone, without a purpose. You could all it almost random."

"Now what's wrong with *you*?" Eri said jokingly. "Suddenly talking philosophically. You've never done that before."

Eri's father thought about this for a moment. "Really? Have I'm been such a boring and superficial father?"

Eri smiled. "That's often better than enough."

Eri's father smiled too but then turned to the front again when the red light started again and turned serious. "Well, the thing is, I think there's something else that's bothering you ... aside of the disease, Stella ... are you having problems with Takeshi? You two fought?"

"Oh, no. Everything is fine between us," Eri said which wasn't a lie. True, Takeshi was probably cheating on her. But could she *really* confirm it?

"Then what it is?" Eri's father asked.

Eri thought about this for a moment. She had no reason to not to tell everything to her dad. He wanted to talk, wanted to listen, wanted to understand. Just as he always did.

The problem was ... that Eri didn't know how to put it herself. She couldn't find the words to describe this *thing*. It all began with the earthquake last week. Then it slowly turned into an detective obsession, then a tape, then a red planet.

"Sorry, I don't know exactly how to explain it."

"Don't explain anything," Eri's father said. "Just say what you feel."

Eri looked at her dad and then at her reflection on the rear mirror. She waited for a moment with a sigh.

"I feel---like everything is cracking, falling apart."

Eri's father reached another red light. Then turning to Eri and placing his palm on top of hers, he said, "So there *is* something wrong with Takeshi after all?"

Eri shook her head. "No, I swear. Everything is fine with him."

"So problems at work?"

Eri shook her head again.

"Then it's about the this little news that I gave you ... and Stella."

"No, it's nothing concrete like that. It's like I'm having this feeling even though nothing had actually happened around me. Or *yet* to happen. Which is harder for me to solve because I don't knew where to start."

"Then ... it's just a feeling?"

Eri nodded. "At least that's what I hope."

"You know, that's exactly how I felt when you mother passed away. I had built a home with her. Somewhere I could come back to. Of course, it wasn't exactly the structure. The bricks, the walls, the ceiling. Not even the bed, the TV, the furniture. It was just the fact that she was inside it, and that we had this space that we shared. That we could call *ours*. We had a life that we could call ours."

Eri's father stepped on the gas when the light turned green. "So when your mother did that whole life, that thing that called *ours* fell apart." He paused for a moment probably gathering his thoughts. "And I'm not going to tell about how I reconstructed that feeling, because I haven't really accomplished that."

He paused again and turned to Eri.

"What I want to tell you is that from time to time I have another feeling. That I can find this thing I used call *home*. I can construct it again. Every time I see you ... or Stella. And that keeps me going. Truth, things change for the bad. But it can change for the better too."

Eri though about this for a moment. *Things can change for good. You can rebuilt a house again.* Eri hadn't thought about this before. But was her father right? Could things be like before---or at least rebuilt in such a way that it resembles the thing that you used to have? Eri wasn't very sure about this. However, she felt better after her father words.

Eri took her father's hand. "Thanks dad, I also have that feeling right now."

"Really? You're not just saying it to make me feel better?"

"No," Eri said with a shy smile. "Nor to make myself feel better."

Finally, they reached Tamsui train station with the swarm of people pacing around and coming out and in from the night market and through the bridge-looking structures. Eri stood there for a moment as though not wanting to go down the car. But no, she had to get down, she couldn't stay anymore.

"Okay, thanks dad," Eri said unbuckling her seat belt.

"You don't have to thank me," Eri's father said with a smile. "I've been be doing this since you'll be born and do it until I die."

"Please don't talk about death lately," Eri said.

"Oh, sorry," her father said apologetically.

"So when's your next hospital check up?" Eri asked.

"Next week."

"Can I come with you?" Eri asked.

Her father smiled.

And with that they embraced and stayed like that for a long time. Eri hadn't felt the warmth of her dad in years---even though she'd always known that it was there, waiting for her. Despite that, she had refused to come for it. Not long ago, she had been sure of the reason why. Now she wasn't sure anymore. *Why did I do that?*

Eri's father suddenly broke the silence. "Just remember Eri that no matter what you'll always have a home here. It isn't made with the best wood. But it's one that will still be there no matter what earthquake hits."

Eri smiled at her dad with tears threatening to sting her eyes. "Thanks dad, you don't know how much I needed to hear that."

And with that Eri got down from the Toyota and waved at her dad as he left and disappeared behind the lines of cars and motorcycles. Until Eri couldn't distinguish is cars from the others anymore.

Once he was gone, Eri glanced around. At the sea of people at the night market and sea and bobbing ships back in the deck. The children playing with their parents in the shinning grass at the back. The food stands selling all the food that she had eaten when she was a kid. *Maybe I do have a home*, Eri thought. Maybe a home that I can come back to*.

And with that Eri, turned around and went down the escalator down into the subway.
