The camera was still dark when Eri turned on the camera. It seemed like De-Shi was still sleeping. For how long had they slept? And how come there wasn't any sound or movement? Had De-Shi had been transported to another world? One in which there was no help nor people at all?

But that didn't last long, as soon as Eri had this thought she heard a groan---it was De-Shi waking up. He groaned again and said, "Dammit." Surely, having woken up from a nice dream only to find himself trapped in this dark tunnel, with the memories of all that had happened coming to him like a tsunami. Dammit.

Suddenly, he picked up the camera. 60% of battery life.

"Is anybody out there?" De-Shi screamed. "Help! Help!"

But there was no use. No one replied---he was really trapped alone in this dark world.

"Damn," De-Shi said again.

 De-Shi focused the camera around but everywhere he pointed there was just more bricks and pointy blunders. He was trapped. Really trapped.

"Well, here we are," De-Shi said to the camera. "Trapped and with no escape. No water, on food. No light. No people. No nothing. Just darkness."

There was a silence and Eri wondered for a moment what De-Shi was feeling and if he was feeling desperate.

Finally the camera shook and the camera revealed a sandy gray face with some blood in a closed eye. Despite that Eri could tell that the man relatively handsome. He had small but expressive eyes, a thin face, and curly hair that looked messy but gave him a wild hero-like kind of look. He reminded her of the main characters of Korean dramas. De-Shi.

Now, however there was no drama. No heroine, no angry fathers, no dog. No plot, nor storyline.

There was just pure and cramped darkness.

Finally the camera was put on the floor in such a way that it showed De-Shi's entire face. It was very near. Eri could almost see the pores in his skin and his cracked dried lips. When had been the last time he had drank water? A human could last two weeks without food. But only eight to ten days without water.

"My name's De-Shi Tsai. I work as a photographer and camera man at a weeding company called *Say Yes!* I'm twenty five, I'm single, and live at a cramped apartment at Taipei Train Station. Alone, aside of a dog."

Eri listened to every word that De-Shi had said, and was glad that he had done so. But she couldn't help wondering why he was doing this. Why was he introducing himself to the camera? What did he want to accomplish?

Maybe he had had given up trying and was trying to leave a legacy? A moment that would be captured and frozen and survive after his dead?

"I don't have many friends. Not that I don't like people; in fact, I enjoy their company. It's just that I prefer being on my own, me and my camera. It has always been like this. I feel more at home when I'm filming moments despite of trying to be a part of them. So now it's the first time that I'm being part of it. Being the protagonist in the recording.  On watching and recording life instead of living it myself. I'm not really sure why. I somehow feel that that's that's my mission. Why I was put here on Earth, it's my calling.

"And so I did that for many years in high school and then studied Film and Art at university. Not that I learned a lot there but got some useful stuff. You almost never end up using the stuff that you learn at university but well you get connection and the kind."

There was a brief silence for a moment.

"When I finished university I began filming and get into jobs where I had to film or take pictures of almost anything; from animals at the zoo, to fisherman, travel agencies, and I even did a few works of journalism filming stuff from the protest against Ma to the massacre that happened in the subway last week. So it's a bit weird that I ended up working in a weeding agency. I wish I could say that I found this job after having considered all the options. That this was the destiny job that I landed into after having considering all the options.

There was another silence after a moment.

"But no that's no truth. I'm just here just because the opportunity presented itself. And I was particularly bad financially in that period of time. After I recovered, however
I didn't quit just because I *didn't* have any reason to do so. And so I stayed. Yes, the work was dull; it was one of the dullest jobs of photography that I'd ever had. You film the same stuff, the same ritual over and over again. It was such the boredom and meaninglessness that for the first time that began questioning my passion for the camera for the first time.

"I wondered whether I actually enjoyed take up the camera and recording life. Shooting perfect angles and editing the colors later on. Which is kind of selfish thing to say; how could I feel bored and meaningless in the most important day of people's life? But that was how I felt. And I couldn't do anything to get rid of that feeling. I felt that filming or capturing something in the camera was no longer important. Not relevant at all. I wasn't relevant at all. Either to film or being part of life.

There was another silence, a lot longer than the previous one.

"But that changed one night ... I was sitting on the rooftop of my building having a beer and staring at the sky when I glimpsed a red planet. A red planet in the sky. I'm not sure why I assumed it was a planet. But what else could it had been? Stars are not red not even dying stars. For some reason I just knew that it was a planet. It was my first time seeing one

"And I don't know how to explain it. Something deep inside me told me that I had to film it. That this was an experience that couldn't be lost.

"So I left my beer ran down to my room and I came up with my Panasonic camera. I pointed it at the sky to film the red planet. I was entranced. It felt like I was filming an unique event. Something that just happened once every thousands of years. I wasn't scared. Or panicked. I was just happy to have found this. Happy to have recovered my passion for film and photography."

De-Shi smiled at the camera, he really seemed passionate about his words and Eri didn't doubt them any seconds and for a moment they let her forget where De-Shi was. A surely made De-Shi forget where he was too.

"And so for that day, I went up to the rooftop every night to film the red planet. And even if it wasn't moving or didn't change at all, it never got tired of filming it. There were times when I would stay filming it until sunrise. Now that I think of it it's so strange. It was as if I was in a state of trance---no that's isn't the right word. I felt as though she red planet was having a *conversation* with me. But not with sound or anything like that. Or nothing that could be conveyed with words or feelings. But just right into my thoughts. I'll feel as though the red planet were *calling me*. Calling me with an invisible voice. A voice that *I* could only hear.

"Because of it, I started to just doing that and nothing else. I started calling sick at work, distancing myself from family, the people that I knew, until I reached the point that I barely slept and ate. All that I wanted to do was to film that red planet in the perfect angle and to try to spot a change in it, or to see if it gave me a signal or not. Or if it moved or not. But it never did. It stayed right in the same position in the sky. With the same brightness, the same shape.

"But you know what, I didn't mind. Because it changed *me*. It changed me into the person that I had once been.

Eri stared at the tape in amazement for a moment. Yes, it was ridiculous---how a man had gotten so obsessed with a red dot in the sky.

On the other hand, Eri understood. She understood how it felt to become obsessed with something you couldn't explain with anyone, or share with anyone. Something that only you understood and took seriously. Excitement. Intrigue. Loneliness. And she wondered if her obsession would drive her to the same as De-Shi. Madness. Obsession. Isolation.

Just one thing Eri didn't understand. What happened to De-Shi?

He just disappeared. Did he disappear in the earthquake or after that? Did it have something to do with the red planet? Now that she thought of it she forgot to ask the man. Maybe she should ask him later.

Eri stared at the continued staring at the tape. She wanted to hear more about De-Shi and the red planet. But his monologue was suddenly interrupted by a sound.

A metal hitting.

"What? Again?" De-Shi said looking to the back. He took the camera and and turned around, but the dead hand---now white---was still there. Unmoving. It was then that Eri---and perhaps De-Shi came to an obvious conclusion.

There was someone else making the sound.

Then there was another sound; Eri's stomach. She looked at her watch and realized that it was two a.m. and that she hadn't eaten since lunch.

And so, despite being very difficult and having to overcome her will, she turned off the video. 58 percent.

She let out a sigh. And rubbed her eyes. She thought of going to the 7-Eleven buy an instant noodle and then sleep as fast as she could.

But first Eri went to the toilet to wash her face. When she saw herself in the mirror she was shocked. *Oh, god*. Her eyes were red like a rabbits and her air a mess.

*Am becoming like De-Shi* she thought, still looking at her messed up reflection in the mirror. If she kept like this, she would isolate herself. She would become obsessed.

And who knew maybe fade away like De-Shi did.
