Eri and Takeshi were on the rooftop again. She was gazing up the stars trying to spot the red planet. But no; all she saw were a starry dark sky with nothing else than white, shiny stars. And for a moment she wondered if De-Shi had imagined the whole thing. No, De-Shi had filmed it. And she had *seen* the film. Could you film the product of an illusion? No, that was impossible. It didn't make any sense. But again it didn't make less sense than an earthquake that you fail to notice at all.

"You didn't sleep well last night?" Takeshi asked Eri sipping his beer and burrowed inside his hoodie.

"Yeah, no," Eri said rubbing her eyes and aware that they still looked red. "I watched a movie, until late."

"What's the name?" Takeshi asked with his eyes gazed far away in the depth of the night.

"The June Earthquake and the Red Planet in the Sky."

"Hm, sounds interesting," Takeshi said. "What it is about?"

Eri sipped her Asahi cocktail can and said, "Not sure. It's a bit weird and complicated."

"Just like you," Takeshi said jokingly.

Eri smiled back and for a moment she wondered if she should tell Takeshi that the movie is based on real events. But then she would have had to tell him why she was interested in the movie and how she had gotten ahold of it. That all seemed crazy. Reckless. She didn't want him to think that about her.

"Bet you like simpler girls. Not those that are complicated."

Takeshi glanced to the side. "What do you think that?"

"Well, men don't like complicated things. Especially if they have to deal with that thing for an extended period of time."

"Well, you're right on that," Takeshi took out a cigarette and lit up. "But sometimes complicated is exciting."

"What about new? Sometimes new is exciting too?"

Takeshi looked at Eri for a momenta as though trying to spot something in her words. But when as if not having seen something he took a drag on his cigarette and turned back to the to dark front.

"Yeah, we all like new things," he said. "You don't?"

"Not really," Eri said, wondering how come her boyfriend didn't know this thing that was so noticeable in her. Or perhaps he had known it once, but just that he had forgotten about it. "I think new is over-rated."

"Just because something is overrated it doesn't mean it's not good for most people," Takeshi replied.

"Yeah, maybe you're right," Eri said. "So you're part of *most* people?"

"Yeah," Takeshi said. "Uniqueness is over-rated."

Eri nodded and fiddled with her can. "So you also think that---a new relationship would be more exciting? With a new girl?"

Takeshi took a drag of his cigarette, squinting his narrow eyes. "Where did all this come from out of a sudden?"

Eri looked at Takeshi and then looked down. Again, she wondered if she should tell him everything. But again she would have to explain everything to him. That she had seen the stuff in his computer, that she had checked his phone without permission. And that she suspected that he was having something with the new waitress that had joined the restaurant where he worked.

So again she opted to remain silent.

"No, just random thoughts," Eri finally said. "Just asking."

"People never ask, just because of asking," Takeshi said mockingly. "There's always a reason for a question."

"Well, what about small talk? How's the weather and that?"

"Well," Takeshi said. "Even if you ask about that it's because of something; you *want* to make small talk. Either because you want to fill an uncomfortable silence. Or want to start a conversation with someone that you like."

Eri thought about this and had to admit that he was right. In fact, he *was* right.

"So," he said. "What makes you think that I want a new relationship? Why your question?"

Eri began to sweat. What should she say? But what the hell, he was the one who was cheating. Why was she the one who had to be nervous? Well, it's because she was lying too. Lying because of omission. But Takeshi's blunder was bigger, so why she had to be the one to blame?

"Well, n-nothing," Eri stammered. "It's just that you've been a bit distant that's why---"

"That's why you think I'm cheating?" Takeshi said suspiciously.

Eri let out a sigh. She regretted that her boyfriend knew her so well. "No, not at all. I was just asking ..."

"I see," Takeshi said not sounding very convincing.

It was at that moment that Takeshi's phone rang. Twelve a.m. A message. Calmly, he grabbed it and squinted at the glowing white screen. He taped some text back and then with the same calmness as before, put the phone back into his pocket.

"Your boss?" Eri asked matter-of-factly.

"Yeah," Takeshi said, "the meat freeze broke up again. Dammit, the boss should really get someone to fix the thing. But the old fart just keeps procrastinating. Too busy to fix the biggest problem in the restaurant." He turned to Eri. "You can sleep first. It may take me the whole night."

"Sure, no problem," Eri said. "Just be careful."

And with that Takeshi kisses Eri on the chin and then opened the big green door and made his way down the stairs.

Eri stood there for a moment watching the door swing. An idea occurred to her. One that she definitely was going to regret if she got caught. Maybe she shouldn't do it? Maybe she just go down and sleep?

With a sigh, Eri went to the green door and then instead of entering the door with the number 14th. She went straight down the stairs and then took the elevator.

Once in the first floor she looked around for a moment until she spotted Takeshi half-running on the other side of the street, entering the big park. Eri was lucky that Takeshi had his motocycle fixing, so he would have to walk. Easier for her to following him. Or she should say *spying* on him. She knew it was wrong. But like with the laptop and cellphone, she couldn't help it---almost like a masochist. Maybe she wanted to get hurt by the truth.

Eri entered the lamp-lit part following close behind Takeshi and hiding behind the big zelkova and pine trees that lines the concrete path. Takeshi half-ran at a regular pace a few meters from her, never looking back. But anyway, why would he look back? He would have never thought that Eri was behind stalking him.

As Eri continued following her boyfriend she looked around. This was familiar. A sense of deja-vu surrounded her.

They had met for the first time in a place like this.

It had been weird. The weirdest and at the same time the happiest day of her life.

She had come to the park at twelve a.m. after she had found out that her ex-boyfriend had cheated on her with a co-worker. The manager. Seven years older than him. Eri could hardly believe it when she found them glued to each other. Fucking on the corner of the kitchen where she and her boyfriend had breakfast every morning. The woman's her legs spread and her boyfriend trusting as though tomorrow would be the end of the word.

They had been so much into it that they hadn't turned around to notice that there was someone standing behind them. Her boyfriend not imagining that her girlfriend would come back because her Japanese teacher could call sick at the last moment.

Instead of screaming, instead of going crazy Eri just turned around and left the apartment. No word. No complain. She just decided to go to the 7-Eleven, buy an Asahi cocktail can, and go to drink it to the park next to their house.

Why had she done that, she had no idea. Her head had become practically blank at that moment. And her body operated almost in autopilot, as though it had choreographed this moment for a long time.

And so Eri went to drink to that park. She sat on one of the benches that were under the big pines trees, the one that hid both the bench and the person sitting on it. She had always wondered what the person who had built were thinking. Now she probably knew.

As she drank her Asahi can she thought about what had just happened and why she wasn't surprised as she thought she should be. Maybe it were the late-night calls that her boyfriend had been receiving recently. Or maybe the strange calls *she* had been receiving recently. No, but above all she knew this was going to happen because of how distant her boyfriend had become. He barely kissed her anymore and they barely had sex anymore. He no longer called her Eerie Eri. You can know that your partner have someone else not because of how he treats that other person, but how he treats *you*.

However, much as she expected it, Eri finally couldn't manage it anymore and broke into tears. Her cries and sobbing were soundless. As though she was a character in a TV and the sound had been set into mute.

This time, however, for some reason, she produced noise. A sobbing that sounded like the white noise of the TV. She didn't know why. Maybe the pain had been so much this time to keep it inside. To let it come out soundlessly. Pain had sound. Now she realized.

She was crying, her eyes buried on her hands when she heard some steps. Scared, she lifted her face from the little lake in her hands and looked to the front.

Her heart almost stopped. It was a black huge silhouette standing in front of her. A man. And it only then that she remembered that she was in a park. At twelve at night. Alone.

Quickly, Eri dropped her can and darted to the other side of the bench. And began to run through the pine trees, almost hitting on them. As she did, she could feel the man running too. From behind her at a faster face than her. Damn. She kept running and running until she got into the concrete path. There were bright lamps and she was until in the light. She thought she would feel safer. Unfortunately, she was still alone. There was no one around. Dammit.

Eri continued running and running feeling the man chase her behind.

And then she tripped. On her cocktail can.

Eri feel to the ground with the rough concrete grind her hands and knees. Ouch. Wasn't this only supposed to happen in chase scenes in movies?

Damn, he'll come. He'll come.

"Hey, are you ... ?" the man called out.

Eri turned around holding her punctured jeans and skin of her knees. "Stay away! I warn you."

The man stopped holding his palm to Eri. "Sorry, if I scared you. It wasn't my intention."

"So why were you chasing me?" Eri said.

"Why were you running?" The man replied.

"Because I thought you were chasing me," Eri said.

"Well, I was chasing you because you were running," the man took some steps to the front. Eri wriggled a few steps back. "And I was afraid of what will happen to you being alone here. Not sure if you're aware of it but it's almost one in the morning. It's dangerous."

"Yeah, I'm aware. Danger like you," Eri said trying to stand up but flinched."

"I think it's not the skin that's hurt," The man gave some other steps to the front, and then holding his hand he said, "Please let me help you."

Eri looked at the man, now visible for the first time in the faded light. He had long straight hair long enough to cover his ears but not that much. He had small but sharp eyes and a round baby-like face. He was wearing a leather jacket, which was the item that intimidated Eri at the beginning. It made him look like a gangster but there are people who wear leather jackets and are not gangsters and there are gangsters that don't wear leather jackets.

Hesitating, Eri extended her hand to receive his. She had no choice, she couldn't run after all. And she couldn't stay sitting there the whole night.

Finally the man helped Eri to get into a bench that lined the concrete path. He sat her there and examined her knees.

"I think it's just a bruise," the man said. "Or do you want me to call the hospital?"

"No it's all right," Eri said bending her knees, she didn't feel that anything was broken inside. "And ... thanks."

The man smiled and nodded. "My name's Takeshi by the way."

"Mine's Eri," Eri said, rubbing her knee.

"You mean Eri as in Eerie?" Takeshi said.

Eri nodded. "It's Japanese."

"You're Japanese?" Takeshi asked.

"Just half. My father is," she said.

"I see," Takeshi said. "Eerie Eri. I think it fits you. You're kind of mysterious."

"How do you know," Eri said with a smile surfacing on her face. "You barely know me."

"Well, it's a total mystery to me why you were there inside the trees in a park at twelve at night, drinking an Asahi cocktail can, crying."

"Yeah," Eri said finally smiling. "It's a bit complicated to understand. Or explain."

"That's all right," Takeshi said. "You don't have to do so."

"How about you?" Eri asked. "What are you doing so late at this time?"

"Well, mine isn't that hard to understand," the man took of his jacket to reveal a sweaty T-shirt. Eri caught a sweet smell of cologne. "I work in this restaurant. And the guy keeps calling me at night when some machine breaks. I know, I shouldn't be even doing it, but anyway, getting a job is harder these days."

"It's always been hard," Eri said. "No one ever said, 'It's easy to get a job these days.'"

"Yeah, I've never heard that either," Takeshi said. "Just like the name Eri."

"So if you think it's hard to get a job," Eri said. "Shouldn't you go to the restaurant? Before you get fired?"

"It's all right," Takeshi said, pulling out his phone. "I'll tell the old fart that I can't go. I'll make something up. That an emergency presented."

"Well, that's exactly what happened," Eri said.

They both laughed and for a moment Eri forgot about her hurt knee. And heart.

"So, what you gonna do?" Eri said, jockingly. "Stay with me until my knees doesn't hurt anymore?"

"Yeah, let me get a band-aid at the 7-Eleven," Takeshi said, standing up. "I can stay with you until sunrise if that's required. Just wait here for me and don't move!"

Eri nodded and smiled. "As if I can." And stared at the guy under the faded-street lamp as he smiled and turned around and headed to the 7-Eleven across the street. *I can stay with you until sunrise*, he had said. But Eri had wished at that moment that could be longer than that.

And that was exactly what happened.

* * *

Takeshi was still jogging and Eri was still chasing after him. *And now's the same situation, however, it's now* me *who's chasing him.*

Eri continued chasing after Takeshi, until they reached exited the park. They crossed the street and then Takeshi got into a dark alley. She had never been in this alley and it was surrounded by walls with moss and walls with their paintings peeling-off. There was a strong scent of metane that made Eri's eyes tear. Now and then she heard rats moving in the plastic bags and putrid cardboards.

Which didn't lead to his work place.

As Eri followed him hidding from time to time behind the dumpsters, Eri thought, *I was right. He's not going to work. He's going to meet* her. Eri thought about it for a moment, whether she wanted to see the kitchen scene again. Go over all that again. And she knew and feared that this time wouldn't be another Takeshi there to catch her before she fell.

If she wanted to avoid that it was simple: she just had to turn around and come back home. Come back to her apartment.

No, there was no home. And she couldn't go back.

Finally, Takeshi, as though propted by something began to run, disappearing in the dark alley on the left.

Almost instinctively Eri also began running, wondering what had gone through Takeshi's mind. Had he realized that she was following him? No he hadn't looked back or anything and Eri hadn't make any sound at all. But even if he had heard her why run? He could just turn around and scold her for following him. For not trusting him. That he had just taked a detour to buy something to fix the freezer.

Why running?

And Eri asked the same question about herself; why was she running? She didn't know; she just knew why she couldn't stop. She had to reach Takeshi. But then what? What would she do once she caught up with Takeshi?

Eri finally got into the dark alley on the left. It was dark. There was no light at all. It was as if there was a blackout. Or someone was fixing the lights or something like that. Eri didn't know.

There was nothing there. Only Takeshi's steps.

Eri could heard them at the end of the dark alley, echoes echoing in the cold, intimitating darkness. Eri was afraid. But even more afraid of losing Takeshi. So she kept going, even in the total darkness.

Eri kept going until the end of the lef alley. Once there in the intersection she listened again. She turned to the right. And then left, and right again. *What is Takeshi doing?* It was almost as if Takeshi was playing some games with her. Making her chase him.

It was on the sixth intersection when Eri's shoes caught a bag that was on the floor and tripped down. Damn. Ouch. Eri felt to the floor hurting her knee. *Damn, this should be a joke.*

Eri turned around and lay on the floor for a moment next to a dumpster. She wasn't sure what she was waiting for. Maybe that Takeshi would come like two years ago and help her? Stay with her until sunrise like he did that night?

*No, that's not going to happen. Never anymore.*

Eri lay there for a moment, and realized that she couldn't hear Takeshi's steps anymore. He had gotten away, to get together with Chai. She had lost him. Lost him forever.

Eri lay there for a moment, looking at the starry sky. There were as many as usual---and then she saw it.

The Red Planet in the Sky.

Flinching, Eri curled up in kneeling position. She couldn't believe it. There glowing up in the sky, up above this darkness was the red planet in the sky. *No, it can't be.* She rubbed her eyes and then looked again. No the red planet hadn't disappeared; it was still there, shinning with it's blood-red light.

What did this mean? Why did it appear now? Or maybe it had been there all along but Eri hadn't be able to see it? Just now?

Eri stared at the red planet for a long time, she was entranced just like De-Shi had once been. And she stared at it alone, in the darkness, spending the sunrise alone.

* * *

When Eri got back in the morning there was a message on her phone, the one she had forgotten to take with the hurry.

*Sorry, I finished too late and I'm tired so I'll just sleep here. You can have breakfast without me.*

Eri took her phone and typed a reply. *Okay.*

Eri went to the toilet to take off her clothes take a hot bath and rinse her wound in her knee with alcohol. After that she dried her hair and while she did she looked at herself in the mirror. No surprise she looked terrible. Her eyes even redder and her skin was dry as a pea. *I'm really turning into De-Shi,* she thought. Am I going to disappear too?

She then looked to the side at the tape. *Well, what else can I do?*

Wrapped between the blankets, Eri thought about the Red Planet and how she had seen it. She still have problems believing this. An element in the video had come to her reality. How could that be possible. An event that passed before couldn't come back to take place in the present.

Or it could?

Eri thought about this and De-Shi's disaperance and the fast that De-Shi had been buried within an earthquake a year ago. It was a crazy idea even to herself but Eri was starting to think that De-Shi was *still* trapped inside that earthquake. Either in a concrete or metaphorical way. And that the earthquake, even though it wasn't the one she was looking for, it was somehow connected with wha she was looking for at least maybe in a strange way.

And with that she turned on the video, and wrapped within the blankets she began to watch it, forgetting that she was supposed to sleep. Or eat breakfast.

No, she had to continue watching the video

She had to.
