The echoing sound of the metal rod was still echoing in the tunnel. Unlike the other one, it was louder and faster. *Clank*, *Clank*. It had a more desperate tone to it, almost as the person was about to die.

Just like the other one.

De-Shi looked to the side for a moment, and then without hesitation he grabbed the camera and began crawling. He headed to the direction opposite of the dead hand. Behind. Eri at first thought that that part had a wall which was the reason De-Shi hadn't explored there.

And she was right. In front of the camera was a thick wall of pointy concrete. The sound of the metal rod hitting was on the other side.

Suddenly there was a cracking sound.

And the camera began to roll.

"Damn!" De-Shi called out but Eri couldn't see what was going on. It seemed like the camera was rolling down a hill. It kept rolling and rolling showing nothing but a dark, gray blur that didn't have any shape at all.

After rolling for a while, the camera finally stopped.

And didn't move.

Eri gripped at her bedsheet for a moment. *Damn, is he dead?* Eri wondered.

But before Eri could continue wondering, a bloody hand took the camera and the face of De-Shi, now with fresh blood in his forehead, appeared in the camera. Despite that, it didn't seem like a serious injury.

"Dammit," he said as he pointed the camera up. Up he could see a hole where he had fallen. Almost like a tunnel taht led up to a second floor. A little hill had formed in such a way that De-Shi could crawl up if he wanted. But maybe he couldn't because maybe he had a hurt leg or something. Or maybe because there was nothing up there for him to want to go up to the second floor.

De-Shi pointed the camera around. He was in a bigger space now. In a chamber-like space that had been created by the big pillar on top that had blocked the rubble for falling more down. A big chamber. Almost like a little cave. The place reminded Eri of a cave under the ocean. It even had the pointing debris that resembled melted ice. And the dark roof and walls.

Eri stared at the place amazed. How was it possible? A cave inside a building. De-Shi had been extremely lucky---or things inside this building weren't normal anymore. Or maybe De-Shi was indeed trapeed in another world?

And then the clanking began again. *Clank*. *Clank*. De-Shi walked to the camera until he found himself face-to-face with a wall---a wall with yet another hole in it, this one was bigger---the size of a fist.

Eri could see De-Shi's hesitation. Despite that, he drew closer and closer until the camera was pointing right into the dark hole. However, just like the previous one, Eri couldn't see anything at all. Just darkness.

Before Eri---or De-Shi---could squint their eyes to see, though a white, gray hand came out from the hole and grabbed De-Shi's arm. He let out a scream. And Eri too.

"Hey, don't go. Please!" a voice said raspy and weak.

Eri and De-Shi calmed down and looked at the hand carefully. Thin. Red nail polish.

A women.

"Hey, are you okay?" De-Shi said and tried to stick the camera in the hole, but nothing  could be seen, just the arm and at the back there was just darkness. If De-Shi wanted to see something he had to make the whole bigger.

"Yes, I'm okay," the woman said. "I'm not hurt, I'm just ... thisty ... and hungry."

"Good, you're better than me then," De-Shi said to the hand which now gripped his.

"Oh, God what should we do?" the woman said.

"We can't do much, just wait," De-Shi said.

"But I think we've been here for a long time---and I haven't heard anything outside."

"Yeah me neither."

"Maybe they haven't even started looking yet? What if---when they find out it's already too late?"

"Please be positive," De-Shi said. "The excavation techniques are pretty advanced by now. As well as the rescue personel."

"How do you know? Do you work in that field?"

"No, in a wedding company."

"Great."

There was a long awkward silence. The women never let off De-Shi hand.

"I'm sorry---I'm just---just panicked."

"I understand. No wonder why."

"But you're right. We should just---wait."

"Yes, it could be worse. We could be seriously hurt."

"So you're okay? Not hurt?" asked the woman.

"Well, it's nothing serious. Just a hurt leg."

"Is it broken?" asked the woman.

"Not very sure, but I think that should be the least of my worries right now."

The woman agreed with her silence again. "I think our worry now should the water and food."

"Yeah," De-Shi said. "There should be something around though."

"I doubt there's something here," the woman said. "It's just rubble and pieces of wall. I can barely move. How about you?"

"You're not gonna believe this but I'm in a big chamber-like space."

"What? Like a cave?" the woman said.

"Yeah," De-Shi replied.

"Well, you're lucky then."

"Yeah, there must be something around. You know what, I'll go around. To see if I find something. There should be a refrigerator around or something like that."

"But how, you have light?" asked the women.

"Yeah, I have the light of my camera."

"Pretty convient. You brought it to record your adventure here underground."

De-Shi smiled at the sense of humor of the woman. "Yeah, you can't miss one like this one."

"Okay," the woman said slowly letting go De-Shi's hand. "But promise that you'll come back okay?"

"I'll will, it's not that I can go anywhere anyways."

"I know it's just---that's I'm so scared."

"Yeah, me too," De-Shi admitted. "But the good thing is that we found each other. We don't have to deal with this alone."

"Yeah," the woman said with a quivering voice. "Glad I found you. I mean glad you found me."

De-Shi smiled and held her hand. "Just wait here. And rest. Keep your energies."

"Okay," the woman said, and slowly almost hesitantly, she retreated her hand and it disappeared in the small hole, back into the darkness.

After some hesitation, the camera turned around and filmed the huge darkness of the chamber-like space. Althought, big it was filled with rubble and things that not even De-Shi knew what they were.

"How God," De-Shi whispered to the camera. "This isn't going to be easy."

And with that De-Shi walked to the piece of rubble and began wondering what to do.

De-Shi put the camera on the ground and then began searching on the rubble---Eri could see since De-Shi had put the camera filming himself in profile and pointing the light into the rubble. As De-Shi digged and bent down to take thing away she saw all kind of usual items: flower pots, pieces of chairs, tables, clothes. As well as not very usual items: a computer, a TV, some kitchen knives---and a Hello Kitty doll.

De-Shi held the Hello Kitty doll for a moment. Eri was sure he was thinking the same thing as himself; this had belonged to a little girl---who could be under all that rubble. Or her parents could be under all that rubble.

Or maybe she hadn't been in the buildin. Yes, Eri wished that had been the case. *Please, don't show up under all that rubble.*

And so De-Shi continued digging. Among other items, he dig out a broken laptop and expensive lamp and then a black rounded item.

A wallet.

De-Shi opened the zip and looked inside. From inside, he took out twenty thousand Taiwan dollars.

De-Shi snorted. "As if this was useful now." And threw the wallet to the side.

He kept fumbling on the rubble until Eri couldn't see his head anymore. Like an ostrich, it was  completely inside the hole. Eri feared that the blunder would fall in squeeze his head. *Oh god, please don't let that happen.*

De-Shi continued digging for a while, until he suddenly stopped.

"Oh, yes!" he suddenly shouted out and pulled a mini-refrigerator. *Yes!*

De-Shi retrived the camera and opened the refrigerator and pointed the light inside.

Oh, no. Empty.

Well, not all of it. There was a potato and a bottle with half water.

"Well, that's better than nothing."

 Quickly, he turned around and crawled back to the wall of rubble. The then pointed the camera into the first-sized hole again but again couldn't see anything.

 "Hello? Are you there?" He called out, but there was no reply.

 "Hey, are you still there!" De-Shi called out.

 There was some rubbling sound and then finally a voice.

 "Yes, I'm here, sorry I fell asleep."

 "Oh, thank God," De-Shi said. "I thought you were---gone."

 "As if I could go anywhere," the women said.

 "Right," De-Shi said with a little laugh.

 "So did you find anything?" the women asked with a weak voice.

 "Yeah, I did," De-Shi said holding the potatoe and the bottle of water.

 "Thank god. I was started to wonder if we would have to drink our own piss."

 "Hell, yeah me too. Like those people who got trapped in an earthquake in Haiti."

 "Yeah, I kinda know their feeling now," the woman said. "I haven't eaten since yesterday."

 "What?" De-Shi said sounding shocked. "What? How?"

"Well, it's along story," the woman said. "But I should be all right. You got some food."

The camera showed De-Shi looking at the potatoe and then back to the hole. Eri knew what he was thinking. And De-Shi probably knew what to do.

"Yeah," he finally said, "and took a gulp of water drinking half of it's content and then slid the water into the hole. "Take it." And then after the woman took the bottle of water, De-Shi slid the potato into the hole an she took it too.

"Sorry, it isn't much," De-Shi said. "I'll go and look for more after taking a rest."

"That's all right---so a raw potatoe ..."

"Yeah, sorry if it doesn't taste very good."

"That's all right," the women said. "I'm just afraid of that toxic green thing that potatoes have ..."

"Yeah, but maybe you shouldn't worry, only young potatoes have it. This one seem pretty mature."

"I see, it shouldn't taste very bad with water." There was the sound of a gulp and then the biting of the potatoe.

"You know doesn't taste that bad," the woman said.

"Yeah, sorry it's not gourme."

"Oh, you have for yourself too right?"

After a brief silence of hesitation, De-Shi said. "Yeah, I took a gulp of water already. And---I got another potato here with me, so you can have that one. Just keep a little of water. Don't drink it all at once so you have more for later."

"How about you?"

"I had enough and as I said don't worry, I can get more."

"I'm sorry, you shouldn't be doing this---giving me food I mean. We're just strangers after all. There's no need for you to take care of me."

"Well," De-Shi said. "Then introduce yourself. So we are not strangers anymore."

Although Eri nor De-Shi could see the woman they probably both knew that she was smiling there on the other side. In the darkness.

There was another sound of a gulp and then the bite of a raw potatoe. "My name's Mei-Ling, yours?"

"De-Shi," De-Shi said.

"You live in this building?"

"Yes, D building. 14th floor."

"What?" Mei-Ling said with true surprise. "That can't be---I'm from the C building. 14th floor."

"Oh, that's weird." There was a brief silence and the De-Shi said, "Or maybe---the buildings hit each other when the earthquake came. And when they broke apart they somehow merged. It sounds unlikely but that's the only explanation that I can think of---oh, wait a minute. You said building C? That's the one in front of mine, right?"

"Well, to be honest I'm not very sure where the building D is, sorry."

"Wait, you were on the rooftop tonight, right?" De-Shi said. "You were in the rooftop smoking a cigarette?"

"Yeah," the woman said genuinely impressed. "What you were stalking me or something?"

"Oh no, I was---filming something," De-Shi said. "And you came into view."

"Very opportune," Mei-Ling said.

"Yeah, but actually---it isn't the first time that I see you up there."

There was a brief silence. "Really?"

"Yeah," De-Shi said. "I've seen you there six nights in a row. You always go up there and smoke a cigarette while watching at the sky.

42% left.
