When Eri opened her eyes it was already night. Was this the same day or the next? With a groan, she rubbed her eyes and sat on the corner of the bed, feeling as though she had drank last night and had a headache. Then slowly figments of last night came to her. She had been watching the video. De-Shi had found the neighbor that he had accidentally filmed. Then Eri somewhere at that point fell asleep. Her body couldn't endure it anymore.

This made Eri wonder how could De-Shi or Mei-Ling endure so long without sleep down in the debris. And anyway, for how long had they been there? The only passage of time of reference so far had been the battery life of the camera. For far for Eri---and perhaps to De-Shi too---the time though there had felt like a eternity. Or maybe that was the case. Maybe time passed slower in the darkness. Since time is the measure of how long it takes for an element to move to another side, and since when it's dark you can't see that change maybe time stop existing when there's total darkness. Stops existing at all. Or at least mometarily.

Eri was delving in these thoughs when her phone rang. Yuki.

"Hey, still alive?" blurted out Yuki.

"Oh, yeah, sorry. I just---stayed late watching a movie that
s all."

"Well, it must have been an Oscar winner because I've been calling you since yesterday. You never picked up."

"Oh, sorry," Eri stared at her dead phone. "I forgot to charge my phone. Something wrong?"

"Are you still in this planet Eri?" Yuki said with a hint of worry and anger. "Don't you know what is the date?"

"Date?" Eri turned around to watch the calendar with the tropical Japanese island. May 18. Oh, dammit.

The date that Yuki was supposed to take the plane to the US.

"Oh, I'm sorry---I---I'll get ready in a minute."

"Okay, no need to get despeate, I'll go and get you by car."

"Okay, I just need a few hours---I look like a mess."

"I'm not sure why but I can imagine that," Yuki said with a sarcastic tone. "You sure you're okay Eri?"

"Yeah," Eri said, "Don't worry, I'm okay."

 And with that Eri hung up and agreed to meet Yuki in two hours. As she applied her lipstick and eyeliner Eri thought, *Damn, how could I forget about this?* The video was really sucking up her life. Just like De-Shi.

 Yuki reached a few minutes earlier, probably fearing about Eri. They decided to get going to Tao-Yuan international airport earlier too, besides this way they had time to talk. It was already sunset when they took the taxi to the highway.

 "You sure you are okay Eri," Yuki asked facing her. "You don't look good at all."

*Damn* not even her make up could conceal her looks. "It's all right. Yuki, really I jus stayed too late watching a movie."

"Well, it looks like you crawled out from a rubble after an eathquake," Yuki said, combing Eri's hair. "It makes me very worried to go."

"I'm sorry, actually---" Eri hesitated for a moment.

"It's because of the issue with Takeshi right?" Yuki said.

"Yeah," Eri said, which wasn't a lie, but not she whole truth either. "It's just that."

"But did you confirm that he's going out with this waitress girl?"

"Well, no ... but some things ..."

"Look Eri," Yuki said placing her hand on her friend. "It's not that I don't believe you---or I'm questioning your sanity. But have you considered---but have you considered that maybe---maybe you are imagining all this stuff?"

Eri looked at her friend. "No, Yuki I'm sure ..."

"So you confirmed something? I mean you saw Takeshi with the girl or something like that?"

Eri thought about this for a moment. No, she hadn't seen nor actually *confirmed* that Takeshi had been with the other girl. Yet, she was sure---sure about it. All the clues pointed to that.

"Okay, Yuki, maybe you're right. You know, I haven't confirmed anything. So---maybe I'm being paranoid?"

"Yeah---" Yuki said worriedly. "That's just my hypothesis. I'm not saying that you're becoming crazy or anything."

"Well, to be honest I don't know myself," Eri said.

Yuki placed her hand on her friend's shoulder. "Eri trust me everything is going to be all right. You had had fights with Takeshi before. Periods when the relationship hadn't gone very well. But trust me it's always like that. That's what all relationships are all about after all. The ups and down. And once the problem is solved the relationship become stronger, as if you have met each other all over again."

Eri nodded hesitatingly. "What if I can't see the problems and therefore I can't see the solution."

"If you can't see the problem, then why worry?"

Eri nodded even though she knew that it wasn't as simple as that. But she didn't want to worry her friend. Not before such an important day like this.

Finally, after an hour, Eri and Yuki reached Taoyuan Interntional Airport. Eri helped Yuki with her colossal luggage and they entered the airport. After that they went to check in and watched as the luggages were transported to the luggage line; one by one they were swallowed into that dark mouth.

"Okay, everything's ready, said the fly attendant," you can go into the preboarding area in twenty minutes.

"Thanks Yuki," said and then turned to Eri. "Let's go." And with that they approached the gate where only people taking the plane could go into. It was a long line with curves and tapes so that people would get into the line. In front of the gate, was a officer ready to receive Yuki's ticket.

Before entering Yuki turned around to Eri and hugged her.

They embraced for a long time as Eri shed tears with her friend. Her old friend. Her only friend.

"So this is our first time together in an airport," Yuki said. "Feels kind of weird. I remeber you have airport-fobia. How does it feel?"

"More scary than I thought," Eri replied.

 Suddenly Yuki said, "Eri I'm going to ask for the last time. Are you really okay? Are you sure that you can handle things after I'm gone?"

 Eri, pressing her eyes and her tears, replied, and then with a sigh almost a whisper she replied, "Please Yuki, don't go."

 "What?" Yuki blurted out. "What did you say?"

 Eri thought about this for a while. On one hand she wanted Yuki to stay. Now it was the time she needed her friend the most. On the other, what kind of friend she would be if she forced her friend to stay? Forced her friend to give up her dream her career, her love? No, she couldn't do that.

"I mean, don't go on with that," Eri said looking at her friend with a smile and teary eyes. "Of course, I'll be okay. I'm stronger than you think."

Yuki smiled, too with tears in her eyes. And then hugged Eri again, this time harder, warmer.

Finally the line opened and Yuki kissed goodbye to Eri in the lips. For some reason, Eri wasn't shocked or anything. She took it naturally. As though it had been exactly how they were supposed to say goodbye. And she had wanted that too.

Eri watched as her friend navigated in the line with the other passangers, dragging her two big suitcases, containing the things that she needed and don't needed. Containing her whole life. Moving it to another country.

Eri watched her as Yuki finally disappeared into the door into the preboarding-area. And then just like that her friend was gone. Gone from her life---well, at least not forever. At least not forever.

Even after Yuki had been gone, Eri stared there for another minutes. Staring at the empty door. Finally she let out a sigh and turned around back to the door into the terminal.

"Good bye Yuki," she said under her breath. "I'll try to handle things the best I can."
