"What do you mean you've seen me every night?" Mei-Ling asked. "You've been spying on me or something?"

"Oh, no, it was just a coincidence," De-Shi said. "I filmed you while I was filming the stars."

"The stars?" Mei-Ling blurted out. "What are you an astronomer or something?"

"No not at all."

"An astrologer?" asked Mei-Ling.

"Nah, I don't believe in astrology," De-Shi said. "Like, scientists have found out that the universe is expanding. More and more, and so the positions of the stars are actually different each year. If your date of birth can't be alinged with the star in the same as the person of the previous year. And that assuming that the whole thing makes any sense. That the stars can somehow influence your behavior."

"You're really know how to make the stars sound romantic," Mei-Ling said sarcastically.

"That's my job," De-Shi said.

"So you don't believe there's a connection between the stars and us?"

"No on the contrary," De-Shi said. "I think we *are* connected to the stars, in fact, as Carl Sagan said we are star stuff. We exist here in the Earth just because a star died billion of years ago."

"I see," Mei-Ling said. "Well, that sounds more romantic."

De-Shi laughed. "Yeah, cosmic romance."

"So maybe after we die we'll return to the stars? Become something in the sky?"

"Probably," De-Shi said. "I like that thought."

Eri as she heard this explanation she also found it romantic and beautiful. It was crazy. There they were trapped under tons of bricks and rubble and there they were talking about stars and relationships. Had they forgotten where they were? Or maybe the didn't know where they were anymore? Well, it didn't matter as long as they had forgotten about it.

"So you didn't answer my question," Mei-Ling said. "Why are you up there filming the stars every night?"

There was a short silence. And Eri could image De-Shi hesitating to tell the truth, just as *she* had hesitated about telling hers many times.

"You'll think that I'm crazy if I told you," De-Shi said.

"Well, we're trapped in the rubble of an earthquake, we don't even know if we're going to survive. What does it matter if I think you're crazy or not."

"You got a point there," De-Shi said and then remained silent for a moment. Then after probably considering it a second time, he said, "I'm been filming something in the sky---a red planet."

"A red planet?" Mei-Ling blurted out.

"Yeah, I've been spotting it, for already two weeks," De-Shi said. "It's just a red spot in the sky. I'm sure it's not any of the common planets that we know because none of those are red. And not as star, because the aren't supposed to be red."

"I see," Mei-Ling. "Well, it isn't as crazy as I thought. It's less crazy I guess than UFOs, miracles, and even some religions. It's just a red planet that is starting to become visible in the sky. And you're the first who has filmed it."

"Yeah, I guess your right."

Eri was surprised at this outcome. Maybe Mei-Ling was right and it wasn't *that* crazy after all. Maybe the same outcome would happen if she told her father, Yuki, or even Takeshi. Would it?

"So have you told anyone about it?" Mei-Ling asked.

"No, not really," De-Shi asked. After a long silence De-Shi say, "For some reason, I feel as though *I* am the only one who can see it. I don't know why, but I feel that if I show it to another people they won't be able to see it. They'll just squint at the sky and only see the stars and the black cosmos."

"And still you think it's real? Even thought people wouldn't be able to see it?"

"That's right."

"Like this---red planet chose you so you are the only one being able to see it?"

"Well, I'm not sure if I'd be the only one. But I'm just sure that the people around me wouldn't.""=

"Now *that* sounds crazy," Mei-Ling said.

"What a luck of yours, uh?" De-Shi said. "Of all the people in this city you could have gotten tramped in the debris of an earthquake it was a crazy one like me."

"Well at least not a boring one," Mei-Ling said jokingly.

Eri wondered how could they talk for so long and if they weren't thinking about conserving energy, they hadn't had much to eat after all and De-Shi didn't have anything at all. Maybe, to them, it was more important to talk, hear a voice, to stay sane that it was to conserve air and energy. Now that Eri thought about it she would have probably done the same. If hse had someone to talk to.

"Yeah, but I guess I'm beginning to bore you with my stuff, it's yours turn," De-Shi said.

"My turn of what?" Mei-Ling called out.

"Your turn of saying what are you doing every night up in the balcony, smoking a cigarette and staring vacantly at the sky."

"Oh, okay, though I really wish I had a cigarette now."

There was a minute of silence. And then Mei-Ling finally spoke.

"The reason I go up there everything to smoke it's because my father---he's sick."

"Oh, sorry, I didn't know about---that."

"That's all right," Mei-Ling said.

"Is it something serious?" De-Shi asked. "Oh, wait was he---"

"No, luckily he wasn't in the building tonight, he was taken to the hospital. Mental hospital."

"So, it's not a physical disease? A mental one?"

"Well," Mei-Ling said. "I'm not very sure if I should call it mental or physical. The thing is---he has a rare case of dementia. He forget things but at the same time he forget's that he's human at all. At nights, he would make animal-like sounds and drool and sometime even white foam would come out from his mouth. Yes, it's a psychological disease, but it has also changed his appereance."

"Oh, god," De-Shi said. "I've never heard of that---or that dementia could cause it."

"Yeah, it's a rare case, and it destroys the people around the patient more than those who have dementia do. It's---really hard watching your father becoming less and less human---an animal."

There was a short silence for a moment and Eri felt bad about Mei-Ling and feeling ashamed of herself of not being able to face her father's conditon even though it didn't sound as bad as that of Mei-Ling father. *I should make more effort in helping him. Being with him,* she thought.

"So usually he stays at my apartment," Mei-Ling continued. "Most of the time he's okay, especially during the day. But at night he suddenly changes into that animal-like state. It's almost like a werewolf that changes of appearance when the moon comes up. He---just forgets that he's human and starts screaming and refusing to eat and just trying to break everything around him.

"For that reason, the doctor gave us a especial bed where he could hold him from hand to toes. But still---seeing him like that it's very breaking---so much that I can't stand being in the house anymore. And that's why I come out up here in the rooftop. And I wait up here smoking a cigarette until my parent is asleep. Am terrible isn't it?"

There was a brief silence. De-Shi seemed to be thinking about this. And Eri seemed to be doing the same.

"No not at all," De-Shi said. "You're doing the best you can. No one can expect you to be perfect, or to handle the thing perfectly. You're still human after all and humans are weak and have their limit. You've reached yours and you have to find your ways to take a rest, or at least to stand the whole thing."

After a brief silence, Mei-Ling said, "Thanks that makes me feel better, though I'm not sure if I deserve it."

"Everybody deserves to feel better," De-Shi said. "Life is hard as it is. To let someone feel more pain."

After that, there was no more talk and then suddenly Eri heard some sobbings. Mei-Ling. She seemed to have being touched by De-Shi words. Which wasn't surprising since they were honest words. Real words. Words that she probably needed to hear. Words that she probably hadn't heard or had never heard.

"Thanks a lot," Mei-Ling said. "I needed to cry like this. I think I feel better now."

"You welcome," De-Shi said. "But you better not thank me until we go out from this one. And well, I  dont know---after that ... maybe we could go to the other person's rooftop. We can watch the stars and the red planet together."

After a brief silence Mei-Ling said, "Sure, that sounds good."

"Then we have a deal," De-Shi said.

And that's when Eri---and probably De-Shi heart it---the sound of an ambulance and excavator somewhere far away outside in the night.
