Eri had always been scared of hospitals. It wasn't the sigh of needles, or people screaming, nor it was the smell of medicine or anything like that. What scared her was seeing people coming in perfectly okay and then going out in another state. In a state that wasn't the same as the one before. She feared seeing the people coming in walking in two legs and going out in a wheelchair. Coming in with two kidneys and going out with one. Entering with two arms and going out with one.

That terrified her.

And that was the same fear that plagged her as she waited with her father in the hospital waiting room, he in an hospital gown and her in her typical hoddie and jeans. Her father could enter with two reproductive gonads and come out with just one.

"Eri are you okay?" Eri's father asked her.

Eri looked up from her feet. "Yes, dad, I'm just worried about you---about the results, and then the result of those results."

Eri's father looked at Eri and then back to the front at the red counter that said number 17. Eri's father was number 26.

"Eri, I think I never told you how I met your mother."

Eri turned to her father surprised. "No, I think I never dared to ask you because I was afraid that telling me was going to hurt you."

Eri's father smiled at Eri. "And I didn't tell you because I feared to hurt you too."

A nurse pushed through in front of them, with a patient lying on the bed who was babbling things that didn't make any sense. The sigh reminded Eri of Mei-Ling's father. *Thanks God mine still can talk.*

Eri's father continued. "I never asked you, though, if you wanted me to tell you about her."

Eri turned to her dad. "Only if it doesn't hurt you."

Eri's father smiled at stared at some point in the ceiling. "I guess it had been so long that I think I'm prepared. Not that it doesn't hurt me. I think it would never stop hurting. But sometimes you have to deal with these things. And besides, I don't want you to spend your whole life without knowing how you were born in the world. Wouldn't that be sad?"

Eri turned to her dad and nodded. "I guess your right."

Eri's father stared at the counter. The counter made a *peep* sound and the number changed from 20 to 22.

"Funnily, we met at a hospital, like this one," Eri's father said extending his hands around.

"Really?" Eri said, widening her eyes. "One of you was sick?"

"No, the funny thing is that no one of us was sick," Eri's father said. "And we both had known ones who *were*. "I had been here to see a friend who had gotten into a motocycle accident. He had been going at 144 km per hours when his bike got stuck in a manhole that hadn't been closed properly. He fell and his feet got so injured that you could see the bone. Good thing the company payed the whole thing."

And that's how we met the cafeteria of the NTU hospital. Strange it is? Meeting the love of your life because of your sick friends."

"Not something that you'd want to thank them for," Eri said. "So you met her in the cafeteria?"

Eri's father nodded. "I had stayed late that night because my friend's had just fought with his family abouto the motocycle issue, that he was going to fast. You know family can fight in any situations. So he told them to go home for the day and then asked me if I could stay in the hospital to help him. Being my friend, I naturally did. But once he fell asleep at twelve at night I had nothing much to do. And there was no subway or bus for me to go back home, so all I could do was to hang out in the dark cafeteria waiting for the first bus at nine."

"So I was eating alone in the cafeteria a few instant noodles that I had bought at the 7-Eleven next to the cafeteria. When see this girl reating on the table next to mine, drinking a orange juice and staring vacantly at the soundless TV in front of her.

"I had seen her before, and I had told me friend about her. And he had told me that they called her here in the hospital the: White Lady of the Night. Because she always appeared during the night at the time here in the cafeteria, and no one knew who she was or why she sat here.

"So you weren't scared?" Eri asked.

"No, well I was twenty at the time and I admit that isn't a very wise age to be. So I have to admit that I was a little. Especially since people had a lot of superstitions at the time."

"But you still talked to her?" Eri asked.

"Actually, she was the one who talked to me, who initiated the conversation." Eri father looked at the counter. Number 20.

"She asked me if what I was doing here so many nights and why did I stay for so late. The same question that I had about her.

"Forgetting that, I told her about my friend, how he had fought with his family and how he had asked me to take care of him."

"Your mother nodded and admitted that she had noticed me a few times---but hadn't dared to talk to me bacause the had been scared by a silly tale. That the nurses around here called me the Man of the Night. I laughed and told her about the story of the Lady of the Night. We bought laughed at that. It was a laugh that almost put us in trouble, but it was one that we hadn't had in a while. It was that first laugh that every couple has. The one that they never forget.

"And you went dating after that?" Eri asked, amazed that the story of her parents was that interesting.

"Not really, strangely, we never talked or though of moving our conversation outside of the hospital. For some reason, strange as it sounds, we felt perfectly comfortable there just the two of us in that dark cafeteria. It was the space that only the two of us shared. No one else."

Eri's father smiled at the memory and for a moment she could see the teenage boy that he was relating.

"And so the days passed, and your mother slowy began to open herself to me. She even told me about the reason she spent every night in the hospital. She was here to at the hospital to take care of her brother who also had gotten in a car accident. His case however, had been a lot more serious. The guy's helmet had been too weak so it exploded the moment that it hit the floor, making the guy fall into a deep, silent comma. That's why Eri, never by the cheap helmets. Better prevent than regret."

Eri nodded, even though she didn't ride a motocycle.

"And so, since neither her parents had gotten along well with this son that had left the house to live alone in Taipei, she had been the only one willing to accompany him. The guy however, never woke up. He never woke up from his sleep."

"So what happened to mom?" Eri said shocked.

"She suffered a nervous breakdown. "And naturally she came to me; the only person who could be for her there in that dark waiting room."

"That day it was the first day that we left the hospital. After her brother died, she didn't want to be in that hospital anymore. She just couldn't face it. So she asked me if we could stay somewhere else in the hospital. She didn't want to go back home, and since there weren't any bus and subway, we couldn't go to my house, either. So we stayed in a cheap hotel that I could afford that night---you want me to continue?"

Eri flinched. "Only if that wasn't the night that I was born."

Eri's father laughed. "No, don't worry. None of us was in the mood, we just wanted to get away from that hospital and maybe sleep in a bed that we hadn't slept in a long time.

"All we did that night was to sleep in the same bed, sharing the warmth with each other. We didn't even talk. We just shared that silence. Those feelings that we probably could only communicate with silence. And besides, what else could we do? Her brother was dead and there was nothing that she had or hadn't do. He had simply left. And all she needed at that moment was someone she could hug. Another man that she could hug so she could forget about her brother."

"So you hugged the whole night?" Eri asked.

"That's right," Eri's father said. "That was one of the best nights hat I had. And we didn't do anything. I had never felt such a connection with someone without uttering a single word. And you know how guys are ..."

Eri nodded. "It's hard to find that. And those moments."

Eri's father nodded. "And we wanted even more of those moments. So after that night, we decided to date and then eventually live together. Then two years later we got married. Everything was very fast. But we weren't worried because even that night at the hotel we *knew* for sure that we wanted to spend the rest of our lives together. The rest was just to please our family and not to rush things too much. And then the day you were born ..."

And at that moment, there was a pip. Number 22. Ming Tsai.

"Oh, that's me," Eri's father said and kissed her daugher. "I'll tell you another time. I'll be back in a minute."

And with that her Father went in into the doctor's room to have the test performed. After that they would have to wait for another two weeks to see the result. Dammit. Why didn't the torture of waiting never finish?

Eri leaned back and let out a sigh. She watched the cafeteria and thought about her dad, and the encounter with her mother. She found it somehow and strangely romantic but at the same time; ironic; this was the place where they met and the last place where they saw each other. It was as if the hospital had had a deep meaning in their relatiohship. One that she had hoped to share with Takeshi. Why hadn't that happened with him? Eri couldn't think of anything that resembled that connection. Why was that?

Eri looked at the door where her father had entered. Eri regretted a bit that her father hadn't had more time with him so he could tell Eri about her mother's death. But maybe that was for the best. Maybe Eri just wanted to remember how her mother had met her father and not how the two of them had separated for good. Maybe in that way she could leave forever in Eri's mind. Live forever meeting her father in a hospital cafeteria.
