De-Shi and Mei-Ling listened in silence for a moment. Yes, there was no doubt of it.

And excavator.

"Yes! They're coming for us," Mei-Ling blurted out.

"Yeah finally!" De-Shi said and looked at his camera. 30% left. "I just hope that they hurry up.

"How long do you think it will take them?"

"Well," De-shi said, thinking about the average time of the rescue. "It all depends of the magnitude of the damange. I would say between two to ten days."

"Two to ten four?" Mei-Ling said, but is that enough for them to find us? We---just finished our supply of food and water. There's no way we can survive for ten days."

"That's all right," De-Shi said. "I'll go back there and see if there's something else."

Mei-Ling took De-Shi's hand. "Please come back fast---I don't---want to be alone in this darkness."

"Don't worry," De-Shi said holding Mei-Ling's hand back. "It's not that I can go anywhere."

"Okay," Mei-Ling said with a glad voice.

And with that De-Shi started crawling and went back to the pile of rubble where he had been before. As before, he left the camera on the ground and placed his head in the hole, disappearing in it like before. He fumbled and digged there for a while with the only sound that could be heart the concrete and pieces of glass.

After a moment, De-Shi came out from it to take a breathe and then he came in again to check. He did this over and over again. He came in into the hole and then came out. He came in into the hole and then came out.

Finally, exhausted, he laid on his back facing to the low ceiling.

"Damn, there's nothing," he said to the air to no one in particular.

Eri froze too. God, what would they do without food or water? Could they survive for two or ten days?

De-Shi remained laying there for a moment. Finally, he pushed himself up, and crawled back into the wall where Mei-Ling was. He remained there for a moment, probably not wanting to tell Mei-Ling the bad news.

"I know," Mei-Ling said. There isn't any food right?

"Yeah, I'm sorry," De-Shi said.

"No, you don't have to be," Mei-Ling said. "It's not your faut that there was an earthquake---or that there isn't any food."

"Well, yeah you could say that," De-Shi said.

After that there was a long silence. The only sound was the sound of ambulance and of the escavator that sounded very far away, as though it were digging in the ground of anothre world. A world that was outside and that it didn't have anything to do with this one. The one Dei-Shi and Mei-ling were in.

The battery said 18 percent.

"Hey, De-Shi?" Mei-Ling suddenly said.

De-Shi turned to face the wall of bricks. "Yes?"

"Can I make a confession?" she said.

"Sure," De-Shi replied. "Everything talk is welcomed here while being buried down here."

He could feel Mei-Ling smile and then she said, "I also noticed you. I mean noticed you when you were filming me. I knew that you were filming me."

De-Shi turned to the side. "Really?"

"Yeah, I would look to the side and wonder what this guy was filming. At first, to be honest, I got annoyed by it. All I wanted was to be alone in that rooftop so I could think. Think about my father. Or just to be alone.

"But when as time passed, I slowly got used to you. You with your camera up there and slowy I started wishing that you were there up there filming the sky. It somehow made me feel less lonely. You were like that partner that I always knew that would be up there in the rooftop. Accompanying me in the pain. Accompanying me under that dark starry sky."

There was a long silence. De-Shi didn't say anything, perhaps Mei-Ling's words ahd dried up his.

"And you know, that's why I'm so happy that you are here too. It's crazy. It's like you're always in the places that I'm alone. The places where I'm in danger. You're always there accompanying me or helping me. You're some sort of guardian angel that I have. And I don't know what I did to even deserve it."

"Mei-Ling," De-Shi said squeezeing her hand. "It's not that I'm your *guardian* angel. We are both here to accompany each other, save each other. Without you, I wouldn't know what to do either. You were with me in that rooftop too. And without you I would probably still be obsessed about that red planet and who knows maybe I would have faded away."

"Really?" Mei-Ling said. "I never thought I could help anyone. I couldn't even help my father. I still can't."

"Sometimes you would feel as if you can't help anyone. But most of the time, you're doing it without even realizing it. In every little thing that you do. Every little thing that you try. You might no realize it now. But then looking back you'll see it. People will tell you. Just like I'm doing it right now."

There were  some tears and Mei-Ling's hand squeezed even harder. "Thanks, De-Shi. I'm really glad I met you and I wish I can met you again up there in the real world."

"Sure," De-Shi said. "We'll get out of here and we'll meet in that rooftop again. But this time we'll be in the same one, looking together at that starry sky. And if we have luck you'll be able to see the red planet, too."

"Okay," Mei-Ling said, "I think we have a deal."

"And that isn't all," De-Shi said. "We can also go to another places, like how about the cinema?"

"That sounds nice," Mei-Ling said. "I haven't been in the cinema in a while."

"We can also go to a restaurant," De-Shi said. "I know one near our building where they serve and awesome lasagna. True italian style."

"Yeah, and maybe I can go check out your apartment."

"Hey, maybe you're going too fast."

Both laughed.

"And maybe we can go to the rooftop," Mei-Ling said. "And you can show me the recording of the red planet."

"Yeah," De-Shi said, "And you'll be the first want to see it. And confirm that I'm not getting crazy."

"Yeah, then we would be two crazy ones." After a few minutes of silence she added. That doesn't sound so bad, you know. The sad thing about going crazy is that everyone else leaves you and you become alone. If you have someone else who's crazy like you---you won't feel that loneliness anymore I guess. It fact, I think it would be great. Sharing something unique with someone else."

Eri and probably De-Shi thought about this. Eri wished that she had someone to share the video and the red planet just like this. Maybe she could. Maybe she just had to wait for the right time and the right person. But is there such a thing as the right time and the right person?

Eri thought about this for a moment, and then---

The camera went dark.

"Damn," De-Shi blurted out.

"What's wrong?" Mei-Ling where's the light?

"I forgot that the camera, to save energy, deactivates the light when the batery reaches 15 percent. It's a measure that can't be changes. Guess advances in technology are not always for the best." Let me see what I can do.

There was so fumbling with the camera and then some noises and then a sigh that was probably from De-Shi.

"That's all right," Mei-Ling said. "Just leave it. We don't have light after all. To keep talking."

"Yeah," De-Shi said. "I guess you're right."

"Let's just not let each other go. And let's not stop talking."

"Okay sure," De-Shi said.

Eri covered her mouth. The two of them had remained there talking in total darkness.

With nothing around them. Just their voices and the sound of the ambulace and excavator outside, as though coming from another world.
