* Mention why Ming didn't know about the building being reconstructed.

Once again Eri woke up with a bad headache, and she was sure, looking terrible as though a train had passed over her. She rugged her eyes and groaned. She had fallen asleep once again ... she tried to remember the things that had happened in the video---yes, the camera was about to to lose all its batery and De-Shi and Mei-Ling would be trapped in eternal darkness---if the escavators and ambulances didn't find them on time.

Eri wanted to continue seeing it, so she stood up and ran across her room. But she suddenly stopped in front of the mirror. She couldn't believe it.

The traced her fingers across the black bags they were so blue she looked as if she had been hit by someone. Her air looked like a bird's nest; they were no longer individual strands but a messy one interlaced with each other and think like wires. Her face although had she same shape and hadn't gotten a lot thinner, had lost its color. It looked grayer as though she had a layer of dust in it.

She looked very different as before. Messed up.

 No, Eri had to stop watching the video. She had to stop this obesssion once for all. She had to eat, she had to meet people, she had to continue with her normal life---well at least the one that remained of it. She had to stop watching that video or otherwise she would lose herself---turn into someone who really didn't belong to this city. Or worst, someone undesirable. If that happened no one would want to be with her anymore. No Takeshi, no Yuki, no anyone. She would end up really alone. Completely alone.

 The first thing that Eri did was to take a bath. And go get herself a good orange juice and a salad. No more Asahi cocktail cans. The real thing. After that she drank a good coffee, and headed to the video player in her room.

She pressed eject in the machine and put the video and the video recorder into her red backpack. After that she picked her phone, dialed a number and a waiting impatienly for a moment until the person on the other side finally picked up.

After finishing the talk Eri let out a sigh. And turned to her desk to see if she could make herself a bit more presentable. At least for the following hours.

* * *

Eri sat there for a moment, sipping an Expresso to keep herself awake. The place looked just like before, with the same dim atmosphere and the low rock song at the back. The only thing different was that---despite being eight at night time to drink for office workers and students---the place was almost empty. As though, they had seen Eri and ran away. Or as though they had all conspired to her secred revenderous.

Before Eri could glance at her watch, the hulky figure of Ming appeared from the door, letting a few sunrays pour from the open door. He was wearing a black jacket and black matching jeans and a wool cap. In other people those clothes would have made them look like a criminal. But in Ming it made him look like a professional cameraman or someone who made art for some reason.

Ming walked across the the bar and after looking for a moment she spotted Eri. And then after hesitating a few seconds he came over and sat himself in front of Eri. After that they remained silent for a moment staring at each other until Ming as though waking up from a trance turned around and ordered a vodka. Just like before.

"Sorry, it's been too long," Ming finally said. "That's why I had a hard time recognizing you."

"You don't have to say that," Eri said, being aware that the make up hadn't been enough to cover---her transformation. "To be honest, I can hardly recognize myself in the mirror too."

Ming watched her for a moment with an almost gaping mouth. " What happened to you?"

Instead of answering, Eri bent down the table, fumbled for the red packpack and fished out the tape from there. "This."

Ming stared at her confused for a moment. "What's that?"

"This is---" Eri started but then she realized that she had practially stolen that video.

At the end, she decided to talk about it. One because she felt guilty, but especially because she was almost sick of being the only one who knew about it. She felt like holding a big gulp of air for all this time. With her lungs about to explode.

"It's a video that I found in De-Shi room that day that I entered his room," Eri said looking down.

Ming stared at Eri for a moment as though he didn't know what she was talking about---but thinking about it, he didn't.

"But---why didn't you tell me," Ming said.

"I'm sorry," Eri said looking down. "I---I was afraid because I practically took the thing without telling anyone. And---I was afraid that you would take the video away from me ..."

"That's all right," Ming said trying sweat from his forehead. "I understand you have your motives. And I don't pretend to understand them ... so what's the recording about does it talk about his disappereance?"

Eri shook her head. "I don't know yet. To be honest, I havent' been able to watch it fully."

Ming stared at Eri. "Is that long?"

Eri nodded. "It's a video about many things. About a weird discovery that he made, and---the earthquake that happened a year ago. Where he got trapped."

"What?" Ming said wide-eyed.

Just then the waitress came with their order. "A esspresso and a vodka lime to the gentleman."

"Make it two," said Ming. And too Eri he said, "Sorry but I'll need that." He took a long sip of vodka lime and then asked her to continue. "What earthquake are you talking about?"

Eri nodded and said, "He recorded a video right before the earthquake happened---I mean also after it happened or I should say also during it happened---sorry, I haven't talked with people for a long time---my tongue feels heavy for not moving."

"That's all right," Ming said. "But what earthquake at you talking about?"

"The one that happened a year ago, the one about that building constructed by that corrupted engineer."

"Oh, that one," Ming said surprised. "So, De-Shi was in that ..."

"You didn't know?" Eri said surprised.

Ming shook his head. "I met De-Shi after tha event---but he never told me anythign about that. Well, the man was reserved and liked to keep things to himself---except he met someone who *really* connected with him. Although I was his only friend I'm afraid I didn't have that level of attachment with him. Or I should say he with me." Ming took a sip of his vodka. "So he filmed the whole things? The whole thing while he was trapped in the debris of that earthquake?"

Eri nodded. "I haven't finished the video completely but right now it's in the part where he's still down there."

Ming leaned back on his chair. "Amazing. I didn't know any of this. This shows how little I knew about the big events of my friend."

Eri nodded. "And you know, I know this will sound crazy. But I think he's still *down* there. And that's why we can't find him."

The man looked at Eri confused. "But there's no way. I saw him after that ... after the earthquake."

"Well, I don't know how to explain it. But when I watch the video I feel like that's happening live. That he's still *down* there."

"But I saw him."

"Well, maybe he got out but another part of him didn't."

"But the building was rebuilt the earthquake isn't there anymore."

"But it is in the video ..."

"So you mean that De-Shi somehow after filming that earthquake got caught inside and he can't come out of it? Is that what you're saying?"

Eri nodded. "Recordings are able to freeze time after all."

"Well, you're right it sounds completely crazy ..."

"Well, you can watch the video and see if you fell that yourself. Do you want to watch it?" Eri asked.

Ming nodded his head. "You can give it to me once you finished watching it. I think you deserve to watch it more than me."

Eri stared at the man a little confused. "What do you mean?"

Ming smiled. "You were the one that was looking for him, for the video after all. I'm sure the content means more to you than to me."

"But," Eri said. "I can't keep it anymore."

Ming looked up. "What do you mean."

Eri looked down at the recording. "That's she reason that I came, actually. I came here to give you back the video. I---I'm not sure how to explain it, but I've become kind of obsessed about it---just like De-Shi became obsessed about---the red planet."

"Red planet?" Ming said blinking.

"Never mind," Eri said shaking her head. "Anyway, what I want to say is that I can't keep the video anymore. I think I'll lose myself if I do it. Become obsessed by it. You already saw me what it did to me. The transformation that it did to me."

"Okay," Ming said, putting down his drink. "If you insist so much I'll take it." And extended his hand.

Eri nodded and after looking at the red backpack and at the tape as though it were a baby that she was reluctantly to give away, she put her hand inside to restrive it. But then she was suddenly stopped by the sight in front.

Takeshi.

He was sitting right at the counter with a girl---with short hair and a bright smile and small for eyes. They were in profile but Eri could see them clearly. The girl was wearing a white dress and a jean jacket on top. De-Shi was wearing his leans jackets and blue jeans. His dating clothes. Those that he hadn't wore with her in a long time.

She was right. Her suspictions had been right after all.

Eri took a gulp of her drink and watched them for a moment. They were laughing with each other while they waited for their drinks. They chatted closely and with that energy that Takeshi hadn't had with her in a while. He looked at her in the eye and faced her like he had stopped doing with her a few years ago. Just like the first days that they had dated. Laughing. Really listening to her. Paying attention. Finally really opening his eyes and looking.

Ming noticed this and looked and then back at the front. "Sorry, Eri, are you okay."

But instead of answering she grabbed her red backpack. And instead of going to the bar and make as show en front of everyone, as someone scolding his cheating boyfriend. She kept walking straight behind their backs and darted out of the bar.

Once outside she kept walking on the sidewalk trying to hold her tears, trying to wish that she had mistaken the people. That they were other people. But it she was sure of it; it had been De-Shi. She had seen him for four years every day after all. There was just no way that she could mistake him. And the other person---was probably Chai. The Tea Girl. Eri wondered why De-Shi had picked this girl who he had just met for a few weeks over their four year relationship. Or maybe it was exactly that the reason. The amount of time. Men after all wanted the new. They chased the new.

Not wanting to think about this anymore, Eri kept walking. She walked and walked without knowing where she was going. She just wanted to walk, get away from the people she had left behind. The feeling she had left behind, except that those---unlike the people---had not followed her. And she was sure that these feelings would follow her forever. Or at least until she was desctroyed. Crumpled.

And she couldn't do anything to fix it. What could she do? Everything was broken now. And it couldn't be rebuilt.

Eri walked and then finally looked up. Without knowing she had come back to her apartment---her home except it didn't feel like her home anymore. It didn't feel like the place she had spent time with De-Shi. In fact, no place felt like her home anymore. She had no home. It had crumpled down. And it was now just debris.

Despite, that she crossed the guard post, crossed the garden, and then pressed the button and entered the elevator. Even though it wasn't her home anymore. There wasn't anywhere where Eri could go. All she wanted to do was to enter her room and lock herself there until she didn't know when. She wanted to disappear just like De-Shi had done.

Finally she the elevator arrived and Eri made her way inside. Once inside she pushed the button to the 14th floor and let the elevator take take her up.

Why on the elevator many thoughts went through her mind. What was she supposed to do alone in her apartment? Just lock herself in the room? What would she do once Takeshi called or came? How could she handle it? For a moment, she wished that s he would just fade away like De-Shi so she wouldn't have to handle any of that. So that she could fade away and forget. Wasn't that what everyone wished at the end? To just fade away and forget?

Eri let out a sigh and the elevator suddenly made a thump. *Thump*. It made Eri jump and the elevator to stop for a while. *Jesus, that almost gave me an heart attack*. Luckily, she elevator resumed. And now she was almost in the 13th. Floor. She just wanted to get down from this hell of an elevator.

But then there was another *thumb*.

And then everything became dark.

Eri froze in the darkness for a moment, wondering what had happened. Wondering what to do next.

*Oh god. Oh god.*

Quickly, Eri dashed to phone for calling for help but there was no use. It was dead.

"Help!" she screamed but she knew that none one would hear her scries. Not through these steel walls.

Quickly, Eri ran to the door of the elevator and tried to pry open the cold metal door in front of her. She squeezed her short nails inside the almost non-existent crack and pulled. Pulled. But the only thing that she accomplished was to break her nail. A draw blood.

Holding her nail, Eri stepped back and sat on the cold floor while leaning her back on the cold concrete behind her.

*Calmn down*, she told herself. *Someone will come. Just be patient someone will come.*

Eri tried to do that but then she looked around and realized that everything was dark. A total darkness.

She had never been such a dark place before and the thought make her difficult to remain calm. Being in a dark place. Alone. Not knowing if she would ever get away from it.

Wait a minute. She could use something.

Eri turned around and fumbled inside the red backpack. She remembered she had put there a flashlight there from the last time she had gone camping and never pulled it out. She fumbled a little bit more.

Instead of the flashlight though, Eri pulled out the camera. De-Shi's camera. Oh, with the suddenly tumult that had happened back at the bar Eri had forgotten to give the camera to Ming. Well, now she had light.

And something to do while waiting for help.

Eri couldn't believe how lucky she had been. Now she had something to distract herself while waiting for help. Plus she would had a little bit of light.

Eri turned the camera on and, with the glow reflecting on her face, she began watching the video. As she did she couldn't help noticing the symmetry (or irony?). The three people involved with the video were trapped in their own chambers, all of them without being able to move. And alone. Well, they weren't and Eri envied them a little for that. De-Shi had Mei-Ling. Mei-Ling and De-Shi. Eri didn't have anyone---just the eternal darkness around her.

She felt a bit happy, though, for having she chance to join them. Join them in the darkness and cramptedness.
