They remained silent for a moment. And then Eri heard a faint dragging sound that at first she thought it was Mei-Ling or De-Shi pulling at something or dragging something. But no, she was wrong. She sound wasn't coming from the tunnel.

It was coming from up. The surface.

"What's that sound?" Mei-Ling said with a weak voice. "Oh, it's an excavator! We're saved!"

"Yeah!" De-Shi said, "finally!"

Eri also smiled for them but then thought about the situation and knew that De-Shi knew the truth: the fact that excavators were excavating didn't mean that they were saved. The excavator could still take two or seven days to perform their jobs. And then they had to find them---and easy task if they still have energy to scream by then.

Hovewer, now Eri knew that De-Shi and Mei-Ling weren't in another world after all. They were still in the city, just trapped in the lowest part of it. There was still hope. There was still hope that they would come back to the world outside.

Meanwhile the sound of the excavator sounded at the surface---like the echoes of distant rocks crashing into the ocean.

"Do you think they'll be here soon?" Mei-Ling asked.

"I don't know," De-Shi said. "It could take a few hours or a few days."

"Anyway, that doesn't matter," Mei-Ling said. "The important thing is that they are here... and they are looking for us."

"That's right," De-Shi said hopefully.

"So De-Shi," Mei-Ling said. "What are you going to do first thing you come out from this hole?"

"Well," De-Shi said probably not wanting to spoil the fun. "I want to have a good bath. Go to the hospital so they can fix this broken knee. And then have a nice Tapanaki around the house."

"That sounds good," Mei-Ling said. "When I get out from here the first thing I want to do---oh, I have to call to work. Say I have to be on sick leave for a while."

De-Shi laughed. "So what do you do? I know this is a cliche and trivial question. But I guess a little of cliche and triviality is good in a moment like this. Kinds of make us forget where we are."

"Lads first," Mei-Ling said. And Eri wondered why she had said this. Was she embarrassed about her work or something like that?

"Sure," De-Shi said. "I work at a wedding company. As you might as guessed filming and taking photographs."

"Wow," Mei-Ling said. "From filming brides to astros. What a atjump."

"Yeah," De-Shi said. "Just to vary a little bit."

"So what got you into filming and photography?" Mei-Ling asked.

"I'm not really sure," De-Shi replied. "The only thing that I know that it's nothing like this *big* passion that you usually hear. That I think a camera can change the world or something like that. I couldn't believe more that that's far from the truth. Well, sometimes a camera can. But to me, it isn't something that makes me think that can save the world or something like that."

"So it's just for money?" Mei-Ling asked.

"Not that either," De-Shi replied. "I know this might sound a bit nuts but I have a compulsion to capture any moment. Any. From the crawling of an ant, to the oldest of temples, to the latest scandal. I don't know it's almost like a necessity, like some people can't stop themselves from creating music, stories, or paintings---for me I can't stop capturing the moments. Freezing them into a frame."

"Yeah, you're right," Mei-Ling said. "It sounds nutty."

"Glad of being right once in a while."

"But I don't think it's not *big*, though," Mei-Ling said.

"I think it's very hard and meaningful to find those thing that you can't stop doing. Those things that you do not because of money---not even because of duty or doing it because you want to change the world or anything. You just do it because you *have* to. Because you can't stand not doing it. You give something existence just because it *has* to exist. I think that's something purer. Something that is worthy by itself."

"Wow," De-Shi said. "So what do you do? Motivational speaking?"

"I see you don't even lose your sense of humor even being buried under rubble," Mei-Ling said sarcastically. "But no, what I do has nothing to do with public, well you hit the point that it has to do with speaking. I work in a call center in the Ministry of Foreign affairs."

"Wow, I never met someone who worked for the government."

"It's not as exciting as you imagine," Mei-Ling said. "You just sit on a cubicle and spend the whole day listening to both locals and foreigners complaining and screaming in your ear for thirty minutes for something you didn't do at all."

"Sounds stressing," De-Shi commented.

"A bit," Mei-Ling said. "But I gotta admit that it isn't as bad all the time. You get to joke around and talk with your co-workers from time to time. And usually you get to help people and they thank you for it. I've even got card and gifts from time to time. It's kind of make the whole torture worth it."

"It doesn't sound so bad," De-Shi said. "Someone just said that as long as you're helping someone---no matter if it's a small or big help---it's worthy."

"Yeah, I guess you're right," Mei-Ling said. "But still, it's far from the dream job or anything like that. It's not something that you're supposed to do. Humans are not made to be in a cubicle for nine to five. Not even made to be sitting. That's why there's so much depress people. We are creatures that are made to be outside. Not cramped in a small space in the dark."

"Like now," De-Shi said.

They both laughed quietly.

"And you know," Mei-Ling continued. "I wish I could say that after thing life-changing experience I will think about my life. And that everything will change. I'll get out from that job and start enjoying my life. But you know, maybe that kind of newness will last for a few days. But then it will fade away and I will come back to my old self and just begin to think, 'You know, my job isn't as bad after all. My boss isn't as bad. And the pay isn't bad at all. Don't you know how hard is to find a job these days.'"

"Well, doing what you really want isn't as great either," De-Shi said. "You'd think it's this great thing that will be full-filling, but at the end of the road, you'll find the same frustrations, the same obstacles and the same doubts about meaning that you saw before.

"So you mean that it's not worth changing?"

De-Shi seemed to be thinking about this. "No, I don't mean that changing is bad, I just say that staying in the same place isn't as bad as you imagine."

"You know, this is weird. Talking like this, without being able to see you. It's almost the same as talking with a stranger on the phone on my cubicle."

"Yeah, it kinds of fit the image," De-Shi said smiling. "So am I still a stranger?"

"Probably not," Mei-Ling said. "And you know, the strangest thing is that I haven't even seen your face, but I feel that I've connected more than people who are been inches from my face."

"Is that an attempt to flirt?" De-Shi said mockinly.

"Well, it's not always men who have to take the initiative."

"Good, I thought this would never happen---and that it would happen thousands of feet underground.

Both of them laughed with the sound of excavators in the background.

"Now that you talk about being underground," Mei-Ling said. "I don't hear the escavator getting closer---on the contrary; it's getting farther and farther.

"Really?" De-Shi said and remained in silence probably trying to listen to the sound.

Eri listened too. And listened. But no, the sound wasn't getting smaller and smaller it fact it was getting louder and louder, so loud she could almost hear it next to her. She excavator could even be right above them.

Eri couldn't believe it. Help was coming. Would the be on time?

The battery said ten percent.

De-Shi agreed with that too. "Actually it's getting louder!" He turned above to the low ceiling and shouted.

"Hey here, we're here!" De-Shi screamed with all his lungs very loud considering he hadn't eaten in a while and that there wasn't much air down there. He screamed again but there was no reply---only the sound of the excavator.

"Well, that's all right," De-Shi said. "The important thing is that they are coming. Very soon they'll come. You'll see."

"Yeah," Mei-Ling said. "Weird, not sure why I hear the farther and farther."

"Maybe sand is clogged inside your ears?" De-Shi asked.

There was a silence for a moment. Eri imagined Mei-Ling putting her finger inside her ear. "No, I still her them farther and farther---and that's not all I think---I think I hear *you* farther and farther too. Did you crawl away?"

"No," De-Shi said coming right into the dark hole. "How about now?"

"Same, everything seems farther and farther---I mean ... it hears farther and farther---even my own voice."

De-Shi approached the hole even closer. "Hey, Mei-Ling are you sure you're okay?"

"Yeah," Mei-Ling. "Why ... do you ask?"

"Because I'm having problems listening to you, too," De-Shi said. "But it isn't me ... it's your voice."

"My ... voice is getting ... lower?" Mei-Ling asked almost slurring her words.

"Yeah," De-Shi said. "And slower ... and harder to understand. What's going on? You're not feeling well?"

"No ... not at all," Mei-Ling said weakly. "In fact, I fell better now. It doesn't hurt anymore."

"What?" De-Shi said. "You were hurt? Why didn't you tell me?"

"I ... didn't want to worry, you," Mei-Ling said. "You'd do something to come here to the other side ... and maybe killing yourself. And once you got to this side, you wouldn't be able to do anything anyway."

"Mei-Ling what's going on?" De-Shi said. "What do you have? Where are you hurt?"

"Oh ... it's nothing serious ... don't worry," Mei-Ling said. After a long silence Mei-Ling said. "Hey, De-Shi? You know, once we get out of here I want to stand on that rooftop with you. And want to watch the stars---and maybe the red planet. That's the first thing that I want to do."

"Sure," De-Shi said. "That sounds like a good idea. Better that my Tapaniaki one. And then you can see the red planet to see that I'm not crazy."

"Well, we could be both crazy people," Mei-Ling suddenly regaining her voice.

"You're not scared of being crazy?" De-Shi asked.

"Nah, you know," Mei-Ling said. "The scary thing about being crazy is not actually being different from the rest but being *lonely*. So if there's someone else who's as crazy as you---then you got nothing to fear---in fact, it's something so celebrate---of sharing something so different and unique with another person. Something that doesn't exist anywhere else in the universe."

"I never thought of it like that," De-Shi said. "I want you to tell me more thing like this. For some reason, they feel simple and deeply meaningful."

"I'm glad they don't sound boring."

"Could you keep talking---I want to keep hearing your voice---it's the only thing keeping me sane right now."

"Yeah, it's strange don't you think?" Mei-Ling said. "Usually we don't notice it but every voice is quite unique and it feel and sounds quite different down here in the darkness, like they have some kind of special resonance and it really gets into you and surrounds your entire being."

"Yeah, I agree," De-Shi said. "Thought I've never liked my voice."

"Well, that's normal---scientists in fact made a statistic and discovered that almost ninety percent of people doesn't like their own voice. That's why you never hear someone say I like my voice."

"I like yours though," De-Shi said. "And I don't say it as a cliche, or because I'm trapped here in the dark without nothing to do. I don't know, it sounds like the sound of a tiny bell on Christmas."

Mei-Ling laughed. "That doesn't sound very nice to hear."

"It does," De-Shi said. "I've been hearing it here, who knows maybe for hours and I'm still not tired of hearing it and I know I could still continue to ear it for a lot of more hours." There was a brief silence. "But I understand if you're tired. I don't want you to talk to me like to those people that you talk to at work. I don't want to make you work full-time down here too."

Eri---and probably De-Shi---expected a laugh or at least a little remark. But no nothing came---just silence and the drilling and excavating that was becoming louder and louder.

"Mei-Ling? Are you still there? Line broken?"

Eri and De-Shi waited again---but there was no reply again.

Sensing that something was wrong De-Shi glued himself to the whole. "Hey! Mei-Ling! Are you okay?" De-Shi screamed and them like a desperate man obsessed man he began digging at the wall. He pulled and scratched and dug, throwing bits of debris, glass, rocks and other things off the way. And with each movement the wall moved a little bit more and more. Weren't De-Shi afraid to die? De-Shi dug and scratched at the same speed and in unison with the excavator above.

De-Shi dug and dug until Eri could see blood in his hands. He had broken not only his nails but also the skin in his fingers.

The only thing he managed though is to make the small crack a little bit bigger---the size the creek of a tiny window.

Without hesitating, De-Shi stuck his hand on the little aperture groaning and screaming. Eri covered her mouth and wondered if he had broken some bones with the attempt.

He struggled for a while while blood oozed out from his sleeves, his jacket, and his fingers---but when finally he did it.

He finally reached his hand to the other side.

"I got you, Mei-Ling, I got your arm," De-Shi said, for the way he said it it seemed like the arm was limp. "Please wait Mei-Ling be patient. Do you hear it? The excavator is almost here. It's almost right on top of us. They'll get down here and take us to the hospital in less than a minute. And then they'll fix you're wound. And then we'll stay in the hospital just a couple of days. After that we'll go back to the apartment and have a good Tepanaki and then got to the rooftop and watch the stars and the red planet together. We no longer be on that rooftop and watch the dark sky alone. We'll be together, together in the same rooftop. As one."

De-Shi continued rattling like that. Like he had never talked since he began recording. There was a desperate quality to it as though he himself was gripping to life. Gripping to his life. As the sound of the excavators sounded closer and closer. So close Eri could almost ear it inside her ears. Inside her head and heart.

And then it happened.

The camera's battery were over.

And the camera shut down.
