Eri's heart almost stopped and shook the camera up and down. *No! Why now! It can't be* And she continued shaking and shaking the camera.

She kept doing that for a good minute, cursing the battery and moaning. But finally her arms got tired as well as her soul and she let the camera be in peace. It hadn't been the fault of the camera after all, nor the fault of De-Shi or Mei-Ling. No, on the contrary, they were victims. Victims of the randomness in the universe.

Calmer now, Eri glanced around, panting. She was in total darkness again. Alone. And she cruel reality of her situation came back to her. Funny. The video was set in the same kind of space as her, in the same kind of darkness. Though to her, it was brighter, less cramped than were she was. Maybe because De-Shi and Mei-Ling inhabited it. For a moment, Eri felt jealous of them. Of having each other and she not having anyone. De-Shi ahd Mei-Ling. Mei-Ling had De-Shi. She had no one here.

Eri glanced around once again. She wasn't sure whether her mind was playing tricks on her, but the walls seemed to be getting closer and closer. Was the elevator shrinking? Eri could feel the panic coming back. The metal surrounding her would very soon reach her body, slowly pressing her skin and crushing her bones. Each of her organs would burst and turn into a pulp. There would be nothing left of her.

Yes, she was alone. Utterly alone.

The realization just came to her. Or maybe she knew it all along, but had refused to accept it. She was alone in a dark, enclosed space, far away from the rest of the world. And maybe she would never be able to come back. Yuki, Takeshi, Dad, all the people she cared about—she would probably never see them again. Just like she would never see again De-Shi and Mei-Ling. Things would change. They would change from one state to another, just like ice turns into water, and water into gas. Nothing is really solid, Eri finally understood. Nothing really is.

Eri covered her face and wept in her hands, forming a tiny pond in them. It was she same kind of soundless cry that she were so used to—just a string of almost inaudible sobs she struggled to hold inside. One of them would occasionally escape from her, only to be absorbed by the dark metallic walls.

And so Eri remained there alone crying in the darkness ... as her voice and being slowly by slowly became engulfed by it.

* * *

In the darkness, Eri heard a sound. A screech like the excavator in De-Shi's video. Was she dreaming? She hoped she was. She hoped her mind was somewhere else but in that cold, cramped, and dark elevator. She wished she was anywhere else. Even in that cramped space where De-Shi had been.

No wait. She wasn't dreaming.

Eri raised her head from her knees, and looked at the door. Someone was trying to open the elevator. She waited expectantly, her heart pounding in her chest. Each bang felt a minute. The hole thing like an hour. There was a bang, a second, and on the third. Then it became a continuous sound. *Clank*, *clank*. Then finally the door clanked open. As it did, a sudden flash of light blinded Eri, made her darkness accustomed eyes burn like she had been staring directly at the sun. Tears began to well-up in her eyes.

But slowly she got used to it, and then pain slowly faded away. Once her eyes didn't sting so much as to keep them open, she say two siluhettes begin to take shape in the opening of the elevator. Two human silhouettes. They began to gradually take shape. One was the guard below her apartment the other was a man dressed in a black and yellow thick jacket and a firefighter hat

They immediately rushed into the elevator and knelt beside Eri.

“Are you OK, Miss?” the guard asked with a worried look on his face.

Eri gave him a nod, holding her head still a bit numb.

Both men helped her up, and the guard asked, "Are you hurt miss?"

Eri shook her head. "I think I'm okay, just my head hurts a little."

"Do you need us to call the ambulance?"

"No," Eri said. "I'm really fine."

“We really apologize.” The guard offered Eri a slight bow. “There was a problem in the electricity supply of the building, and the generator failed to turn on automatically. It's a very old machine. And since New Year is close, there are very few people in the building. That’s why it took us so long to find out you were here. We are very sorry about that.”

“Oh, it's fine.” Eri held her hand to her forehead. “How long have I been here?”

“Almost half an hour, Miss.”

“Half an hour?” Eri said, repeating the words. She couldn’t believe she'd been trapped for such a short time. To her, it had felt almost like an eternity. Time really stops when you’re in the dark.

The two gentlemen escorted Eri out of the elevator. They asked her whether she needed an ambulance again. She assured them she was OK. That all she need now was to lie down and take a good rest. So after apologizing to her again, they stepped back into the elevator, and descended.

Eri stared at the metal door absently for a moment. It felt so weird to be on the other side. The whole experienced felt unreal to her. Almost as if it had happened to another person; someone else had been trapped in that claustrophobic nightmare, not her. It was only when she glanced at her bloody fingernail that she confirmed it had actually happened to her.

But Eri had no more strength in her body, neither to feel upset nor shocked. In fact, she didn't feel anything anymore. It was as if all her energy had been drained out of her, every bit of it. She decided to leave those thoughts for tomorrow. Or maybe, upon waking up, she'd realize they were already gone. Like ashes of a forgotten dream.

Eri let out a sigh, then she picked up her purse and made her way up to her floor, this time taking the stairs. She took out her keys, and opened her door. Her can dropped to the floor when she entered. She couldn’t believe her eyes.

Her house was a complete mess. All her books had fallen from the shelf. The plates, bowls, and glasses had been torn into pieces. Same for the paintings and framed photos.

Stumbling clumsily through the mess, she went inside her room. Her clothes, her cosmetics, her towels were spread all around. The empty cans where scattered everywhere: under the desk, under the bed, there was even one in the toilet. Her photos with Takeshi were torn into pieces same with the ones with Yuki and her father. Her plates and her laptop were too on the floor. Eri no longer recognized her home. She felt instead as if she had stepped into a recent battlefield, or a recycling center. It could have been anything—anything except the place where she lived.

Eri knelt down slowly and thought about her world. The one with the solid ground in which she had stood all her life. The surface had shaken from side to side and finally broken apart. What would happen to her from now on? Perhaps she would end up floating aimlessly in a vast nothingness, in a vast darkness. Her feet never touching the earth again. Her hands never finding anything to hold onto. Never. Never again.

Eri lowered her eyes with a weak smile on her face. She had finally felt the earthquake.
