## 1.

^^In 2014, I devoted^^ myself fully to animal suicide. It became my purpose in life---the tug in the morning, the robber of my sleep. I talked about it all the time: at home, at school, at parties, even at family reunions. So it didn't surprise me when people started to keep their distance from me. Couldn't blame them. No one wants to picture a drowning dog while enjoying a meal.

This newfound passion also interfered with my dating life. It turns out, animal suicide isn't the best topic for a romantic dinner.

"Animal suicide?" My date looked at me as if he'd bitten a piece of chicken bone. "That's what your thesis is about?"

"Well, it's more like a personal project," I explained. "It's so interesting! Now I'm reading about thirty cows that threw themselves off a cliff. No one knows the reason---not the scientists, not even the author of the article. Strange, isn't it? What existential crisis could lead cows to do that?"

"Yeah ... strange."

The guy never called again. Too bad. I had started to like him.

* * *

^^So how did this^^ fascination with animal suicide start? Funnily, it began the night I decided to die. That's right: I locked myself in my apartment, closed the blinds and, veiled in the darkness, planned how to end my life. But why do that? I had good health, friends and family who cared about me, plus I had just been admitted into university.

Basically, I no longer found meaning in life. Not because of illness or a loss; it simply ceased to make sense to me. I'd be riding the subway or walking down the street and ask myself, "What's the point of all this?" You wake up, go to work, eat, crawl back to bed---and that's it. Sure, some will remember you after you die, but those people will die, too. And even if you become famous and make a name for yourself in history, all traces of that will disappear once we blow ourselves up with nuclear weapons, or when the universe undergoes a gigantic cosmic explosion.

Ending my life seemed the most logical thing to do.

I had to chose I day---I chose Friday because my roommate Saki, and almost everyone in the dorm left back home that day.

The dorm as usual was as vacant as a morgue. The only steps were the echos of the lanky guard who patrolled the dorm at night checking if a girl had sneaked a boy inside. But he wouldn't just knock on one of the doors. He wouldn't even know that there was a girl in the dark with the curtains closed, preparing the final farewell.

Okay, I had to choose a method. Internet to the rescue. I went to my desk, turned on my laptop, and looked on the Internet for the most suitable choice. Jumping from a building was off the list; fear of heights. Cutting my wrists, too. The sight of blood made me queasy. Hanging? Nah, I sucked even at tying my shoes, besides I worried that my skinny body wouldn't generate enough gravity to choke me.

In the end, I settled on pills. Easy: grab a handful, pop them in, wash them down with water, and *adios*. To avoid failing and waking up with a massive headache, I decided to browse for information. My search brought me to *Prescription 101*, a website that listed every single pill---legal and illegal---created by man. The variety amazed me: pills for allergies, colds, cancer, depression, schizophrenia, ADHD, even tablets for toe pain. No doubt: we humans were nothing but bucket of diseases.

I skimmed through the list. Halfway through the it, my phone rang. Gulping, I rose from my desk and picked it up. Mom.

"Your head of department called me." I liked that about her: she never bothered with greetings. Straight to the point. "You've been absent for a week. What's wrong? Are you sick?"

"Yeah ... just a slight cold." I felt bad about lying to her, but I knew it'd be worse if I told her the truth. Truth hurts more than bullets.

"Please take care of yourself," she said. "Health is the most important thing in life, remember that."

"I know, Mom." I had already lost count of the number of times she had repeated that Chinese mantra. "But I don't know, let's say you do your best to stay healthy: jog every day, eat veggies, drink lots of water, avoid cigarettes and alcohol. Then one day you die in a car accident. Wouldn't it be a big waste? Like building a house just to watch it being demolished by a bulldozer?"

"Um, what's your point?" she asked.

"That maybe there's something more to life than health. Something that has nothing to do with the body."

"Li-Mei, you sure you're all right?"

I groaned. Talking to my mom could be tiring sometimes. The comparison was a cliche, but I'd feel like we spoke totally different languages.

"Yeah, I'm fine," I replied, giving up trying to explain.

"So sound strange---it's not because you're distracted by a boy, right? Because you should focus on your studies now."

"Don't worry, exams more exciting than boys."

"I'm glad you think that."

"So, you just called for that? To check if I was okay?"

"Oh, no! I want to tell you something." Mom fell in a deep, darkened silence. "Chico is dead."

"What? You mean, dead as in ..."

"As in 'not moving anymore'."

"I ... see." Chico was our Chihuahua. He'd been in the family forever, which made him a key member (actually, being only three of us, we were all key members). Truth be told, I'd never liked him, because he bit me when I was little. It happened at the entrance of my house. I was trying to shake off a shoe when Chico, probably thinking I wanted to kick him, sank his vampire-like fangs into my leg. The incident became engraved in my mind. I'd been afraid of dogs ever since.

Mom told me that when she went to feed Chico, she found him hanging by his chain from the broken maple near the doghouse. I pictured him: his tiny body swinging above the ground, his eyes bloodshot, almost popping out, his tongue hanging to the side like a dead worm.

"It's as if he committed suicide," Mom said in a quivering voice. "Maybe he got tired of being tied up, and took his life. God, I feel so guilty. But we had no choice. He would attack anything that moved!"

I stared at the wall, speechless. A few seconds passed before I could talk again. "Do you think someone---?"

"No, Chico would have barked. Besides, he wasn't bothering anyone. And even if that were the case, why hang him on a tree? It would've been easier to poison him or stab him."

"How about the kids from the next block? I heard they tortured a cat last month."

"I don't know. Do you think they'd have dared to get close to him?"

She was right. Chico had gained notoriety in the neighborhood, so they probably knew the danger. Gosh, even *I* was afraid of approaching him.

"So what's next?" I asked. "Take him to the vet?"

"I don't think they can resurrect him."

"No, mom. The vet can help you deal with dead pets." I'd learned that from a National Geographic magazine. Turns out vets not only save animal lives, but bury those that have lost it.

"I don't want to 'dispose' of him like that," Mom said. "It's too inhuman. Maybe we should bury him in the yard. Yes, let's do that."

"Sure ... it's a good idea?"

"Yes, that way we can give him a funeral, pray for his soul in Heaven."

"Okay." I thought of his victims over the years. "Not sure *Heaven* is the right place, though."

After discussing the issue for a moment, we agreed to hold Chico's funeral after the weekend. Yes, it Chico's burial was important but apparently it was more important that I borrowed notes and caught up with the classes that I had lost this week. No matter what people say, animals always have less priority than humans.

Phone call done, I glanced around the room---at the dim desk lamp, at the dark dozing hamster that one my roommates kept. I felt strange. As if a wave had swept over me, dragging me underwater, with no idea which way was up or down.

Had Chico really committed suicide?

But that led to the question of whether animals had suicidal tendencies---whether they could recognize their pain, their anguish, and to make a conscious decision to end their lives. The thought hung in my mind for a moment, like a tiny gray cloud.

Before it dissipated, I rushed to my computer and searched "animal suicide". To my surprise, several results popped up: a deer threw itself from a cliff to escape from hounds, a dog starved itself after the death of his owner, a duck drowned itself after the passing of its companion, a school of dolphins beached themselves for no apparent reason. The list went on and on. By the time I finished, I had read nearly thirty articles.

Half in trance, half in shock and stood up and staggered sliently to the window, opened thi blinds, letting the cold moonlight pour in. Tonight the night wasn't so dark, and the moon made the sky so bright it might as well be evening or dawn. A diving silluette passed under it; maybe a bird or a bat.

As I watched, I wondered what went through those animal's minds before their deaths. But most importantly, had they *really* committed suicide? My heart raced, my adrenaline spiked, and that's when the thought hit me: I had to find out. Maybe by solving this mystery, I'd understand my own self-destructive behavior---and who knew, maybe even the meaning of life.

Closing my laptop, I decided to abandon my suicide plan.

At least for now.
