## 5.

^^I went to Keelung^^ next Wednesday to help Mom with Chico's burial. Little I knew. I found him hanging on one of the zelkova trees that bordered the yard. In a stuff sack. Its rounded shape eclipsed the sun, leaving a perfect arc of light. Now and then, it'd reflect a ray of light, blinding me momentarily.

"What's Chico doing up there?" I asked Mom, trying to hide my bafflement.

She stepped to my side. "I had to find place to keep him. I thought of the house, but then decided it would be too unsanitary."

"Why not put him in *his* house?"

"Animals would drag him out and devour him, not to mention the trouble with maggots."

"I see ..." Poor Chico. Hanging from trees even after his death.

We unknotted the rope and lowered him to the ground. An easy task, since we didn't have to worry about his safety. The difficult part came next. Burying him. We got the shovel, dug a hole, and carried the stinking sack to the spot. Then, after counting one, we threw it inside and shoveled the soil on top. As a conclusion, Mom knelt down and stuck the wooden cross she'd made in the little mound of dirt.

For a moment we stood there, watching the grave being bathed by late afternoon sunlight. I felt strange. Like I was visiting a hometown I'd forgotten about long ago.

"Are you okay, Mom?" I asked. Her eyes were red and her mascara had turned into dripping ink. I also had tears in my eyes. Not because of sadness, but because of the smell.

Mom blew into her handkerchief and slipped it in her coat pocket. "Yes, darling. Just a little sad for Chico. But I think he must be happy now---receiving more attention than when he was alive."

I nodded. "Everyone becomes a celebrity once they die."

Mom read a passage from the Bible. "A time to be born and a time to die, a time to plant and a time to uproot, a time to kill and a time to heal, a time to tear down and a time to build up ..." I didn't recognize it, because I wasn't a Christian. Mom was---or I should say, her own version of one. She'd pray at night and go to church every Sunday, but also lit an incense for Buddha now and then (which probably pissed Jesus off). For my part, I didn't mind her belief. In fact, I supported it. After my father died, she'd really needed something to keep herself afloat. And besides, she never imposed her faith on me. She let me be free, seek my own kind of salvation.

"Farewell, Chico," my mother said, ending the prayer, "may your soul rest in peace." She crossed herself.

"Do you really think---he commited suicide?" I asked wipping my nose with a tissue.

"I don't know, honey," Mom said. "But please drop the issue. Why are you so interested on knowing?"

"It's just, uh, curiosity."

"It doesn't matter how he died. Either way, he's not coming back."

"Well, but it matters for the living."

"How?" asked Mom.

"Well, it's like a human case---like when someone dies the police tries to find out. And it matters not only *how* the person dies, but also *why*."

"But this is different," Mom said. "Animals and humans are different. And the reason of their death is different, too."

"How are humans and animals different?"

"Well, the thing that separate us the most is that we have *concience*. We make concious decisions to do things."

"And animal aren't *concious*?"

"They operate by instinct."

"But isn't instinct just a fast concious act? And conciousness a slow instinctive act? There gotta be a part where they intersect with each other---therefore, nullifying their dichtonomy."

"Oh God, honey, I think you shouldn't read too much that philosophy thing. Not all of that applies to real life."

"I used to think it didn't." I thought about this. "But recently it's becoming the most important driver of my acts."

"Honey, I think ..."

I let out a sigh. "Okay. Mom." Trying to talk anything beside the bible with Mom was impossible. I'd have more luck teaching her Arabic, or Hindi. Anyway, maybe it wasn't proper to talk about philosophy in front of a buried pet, anyway.

"Anyhow," Mom went on. "Don't think too much. Sometimes not knowing is better than knowing." As if wanting to kill a mosquito, she slapped her forehead. "Oh, by the way, talking of knowing, did you pick a medicine course?

"No." I turned to her. "Why?"

"When I went to your apartment yesterday, I borrowed your computer for a moment and---"

"Mom, could you please stop poking around my computer? I already told you, I don't watch 'filthy' videos. I'm not a boy."

"Nowadays even young women---"

"Mom ..."

"Okay, darling." She laid her hand carefully on my arm. "I trust you."

"Forget it," I said with sigh. "So what were you saying?"

"When I, uh, accidentally clicked on your bookmarks---you know how clumsy I am with these things---I saw a website. A drug information site."

"Oh, that." I should have deleted the damn bookmark. "I-I had a cold, remember?"

"And you searched for pills on the Internet? Wouldn't it have been better to see a doctor?"

I gulped. I had a talent for coming up with the dumbest lies. "You're right. I'll just go to the hospital next time."

"But you're okay now?"

"Yeah," I said, turning over the question in my mind. "I think I'm fine."

"You weren't visiting the website for another reason, right?"

"N-no. W-why do you think that?"

She stared at me suspiciously, as if searching for wrinkles in a shirt. Then facing back to Chico's grave, she said, "Nothing, honey. Never mind."

I released a deep breath. That was close.

With Chico's burial finished, Mom went back to the house to prepare dinner. Only my mother could cook after burying a pet.

I took the opportunity to investigate the suicide scene. I hopped over Chico's grave and inspected his doghouse. As always, it looked old and shattered, the left wall missing, the aluminium roof slightly caved in with jagged dents. Not a sign that Mom and I had neglected Chico; he just broke things faster than we could fix them. It was insane. Maybe he hid a secret anger toward us.

Not finding any clues, I went to check the maple.

Four times my size, it was the tallest tree in the yard. Or I should say, it *had been*. Two years ago, a typhoon snapped it in half, leaving it sloping down at a 60-degree angle. We thought of removing it, but then figured Chico could play with it, so we kept it there. We never imagined that instead of a toy, it'd become an instrument of death.

I knelt down on the tree and stayed like that, as though preparing to do push-ups. Finally, taking a deep breath, I began to ascend. Yeah, crazy. But I wanted to replicate Chico's moves. See what he saw before his death.

Walking on all fours became easy once I found the right rhythm. One-two, one-two. Before I could go far, though, the sight before me stopped me dead in my tracks. A robin. It had a golden underbelly, a tiny beak and eyes, and a flame-colored ring that ran around its neck. With tiny hops, the bird headed to the upper part of the trunk, oblivious of my presence.

Looking at it, it hit me: maybe Chico had been hunting this bird when he lost his balance and slipped from the tree.

I followed the robin. Up and up I went, biting back the growing pain in my knees, squinting at the sunlight that flashed through the branches. Up and up until I was high enough to feel vertigo. Oh, no. Suddenly, I regretted the whole thing. What was I thinking? Crawling up a tree like a lizard!

Luckily, as if it had reached its desired spot, the robin stopped. Good. Now it scanned its vicinity, still ignoring me, like I was just another branch.

But what now? Catch it?

Just then, without warning, the robin turned around and flew right past my head. Damn! I lost my balance and crashed to the ground. Fortunately, the thick grass cushioned my fall, the grass that Mom had forgotten to cut this spring. Funny, she kept saving me unintentionally. Or was it some kind of motherly instinct?

Exhausted, I lay on my back. A lazy cloud drifted overhead, heart-shaped, its curves flawlessly outlined against the sky. The first stars were already visible, faded, distant, like desert mirages.

No, I would never find out the truth about Chico's death. The bird theory was good; however, just because I saw one today didn't mean he did in his last hours. Besides, as far as I could remember, he'd never preyed on birds, only on humans (and mice from time to time). So I ended up with more questions than answers.

One thing I knew for sure: I didn't dislike Chico anymore. How could I? His death not only stopped mine, but also gave me a reason to live. So wherever he was now---chasing angels in Heaven or frying like a sausage in Hell---I was indebted to him. Forever.

"Farewell, Chico," I muttered to the air, "and thanks."
