"So, what did you do this weekend?" Saki asked, while she took her panties down from the lines she'd set between my bunk bed and hers. Last week, someone in the dorm stole a pair. So, she no longer deemed as *safe* to hang clothes outside. The guy---or girl---must had been a creep. Especially considering that most of Saki's underwear featured cute animals.

"Oh, nothing," I replied, trying to search about animal suicide on my laptop without being asphixiated by a bear-patterned bikini. "I investigated the death of my chihuahua. I suspected suicide."

"Cool." As a student of animal science, Saki took animals very seriously. Not so much what people talked to her. "So, that was the cause of death?"

"Couldn't find out," I admitted. "These cases leave more hair than clues."

"You know, I had a suicidal cat once."

I turned around and pushed the bikini to the side to look at Saki. "Really?"

"Yeah. When I was ten. She was four. Telma---a tiny tomcat that ate nothing but tuna---she even refused expensive cat food. It was crazy. Sometimes I worried she'd die of mercury poisoning. But I couldn't make her eat anything else!"

Saki nodded to herself, serious, as though she were remember a tragic historical event.

"Anyway, nothing happened to her, and she grew up as a healthy kitty. Normal---until her fourth birthday." She stood up and hung a crocodile bra, an eye on each side. "That day, for not reason at all, she stood on the window of our apartment. Nothing to be alarmed about---except we lived in the twelveth floor. Mom and I panicked. We tiptoed toward the cat, inch by inch. But it was too late---before we could get closer, Telma jumped. No warning. All of a sudden. She hopped and extended her paws like a skydiver."

"That's horrible," I said, wondering if the tuna's mercury had gone to the cat's brain.

Saki gave me another nod. "But luckily, she survived."

"What?" I gaped at her. "She survived the fall?"

"Well, not exactly *the* fall. Luckily, she fell on a inflatable pool."

"So, she came out without a scratch?"

"Well, almost---she bounced off and broke her front legs. But we took her to the vet, so she recovered fast."

"Oh, I see ..." I analyzed these events. "Then, you think it was suicide?"

Saki picked down a pair of, surprisingly, normal panties. Just a pink tanga. "I think she was depressed because of the rat died."

"Oh," I said, "because she couldn't hunt it anymore?"

"No. Actually, it was his *pet*."

I frowned. "Your cat had a pet rat?"

"Yeah," Saki said, in a somehow proud tone. "He found it in the garbage bag. They were inseparable from then on."

"Are you sure---he wasn't torturing him or something?"

"Of course not!"

"So, what happened to the rat?"

"A breeze came in from the window and it got sick. Pneumonia. Rats are very fragile animals."

"I see ... maybe you should have kept taht window closed."

"Right, Telma wouldn't have jumped."

"Oh, yeah," I said. "What happened to her?"

"She got better. The vet took care of her broken bones, then prescribed to her anti-depressants."

"Anti-depresants for cats?" I asked, baffled.

"Yeah, and they worked. She recovered her sleep, her appetite, and didn't jump out that window again!"

"I'm glad," I said, wondering if Telma had really commited suicide. But with Saki's deficient judgment, it was hard to tell. Maybe the cat had wanted to jump to the balcony or the roof of the building in front. I'd never know; just like I'd never know the truth about Chico's death.

"Anyway," Saki said, redoing her fallen ponytail. I'd never seen her without one. I was sure she even slept with them. "It's a sad story. But it already ended."

"You didn't have to tell it."

"It's okay. I wanted to---I thought it'd help in your little *research*."

I gaped at her. "How do you know about it?"

Saki fiddled with her long fingers. "Well, you've been searching information about that on the Internet since morning."

"I see," I said with a sigh, forgetting Saki had been right behind me all this time.

Smiling, she asked, "How is it going?"

I stared at the abundant but useless search results on my laptop. "Not very well."

"I guess there isn't a lot of info about the topic."

"Yeah," I said. "Maybe not many people study dead animals."

"But there's a lot who study *live* animals."

I peered at her. "What are you getting at?"

"Why don't you go check my department?" Saki said with her innocent girl smile. "We study animals, after all. And animals who commit suicide are---well, animals."

Saki's wise words hung in my mind for a moment. That's right. I had completely forgotten that she belonged to the Animal Science department! And that I could take their classes or just to sit in. I was lucky they had put me in the same with with Saki. Her class had sixty one people. Since she'd been the odd number---as well as the odd girl---they had decided to put her with another odd number from another department. Me. Leaving two odd girl finally even.

"Thanks Saki!" I sprang from my chair and hugged her slim figure. "You're a genius."

"Glad I could help." She picked the last piece of underwear and folded it neatly into her Doraemon backpack. "Well, I'm done."

"You done packing for home?"

"No, I'm done with *you*. We---can't be friends anymore."

I fell of my chair, hurting my bony butt. "What? Why?"

Saki bit her plump lower lip and crossed her arms behind her back, her usual nervous posture, which meant she was being serious. "The thing is, Li-Mei, that I want to join my department's Animal Protection club. The one I've been telling you about."

I blinked at her. "And what does have to do with me?"

"What happens is ..." More lip bitting. "Is that---if the club knows we are friends, they'd never let me in."

"What?" B-but, why?"

"Just think about it," Saki said, apologetically, as though it was her fault. "They'd think you're obssesed with dead animals---and that you also torture them."

"You know that's not truth!"

Saki nodded. "But they'd probably not listen."

"But we can't stop being friends---we live in the same dorm."

"We *used* to," Saki said, still a bitting her lower lip. "I'm moving out."

"Oh," I said. That's all I managed to say. *Oh.*

"Please forgive me." Saki knelt on the ceramic floor, pressing her hands toward me. "I know this is very bad. No, it's *horrible*. But I'd been wanting to join this club since elementary school. It'd been my *dream*. To join this club. To save animals. And this is probably my only chance in life to do it."

I let out a sigh. And even though I knew Saki was exagerating a bit, I said. "Okay, Saki. I understand."

Saki looked at me. "Really?"

"That club is important to you. And important things don't last. Either they disappear from Earth or from your heart. So, you should go for it now that you have the chance."

Saki nodded, tears oozing from her fox eyes. Finally, she got closer and gave me a bear hug. "Thanks you, Li-Mei. Just want you to know it's not you---it's me."

"I know." I patted her back lightly, surprised friends could also break up.

"I'm sure you'll find a club, too," Saki said. "And meet people like you."

"Thanks." *People like you.* I wondered whether to feel happy or sad about that.

At last, releasing me, Saki shouldered her Doraemon backpack, redid her ponytail again, and walked out the door. *Thud.* Even after she left, I continued staring at that door. Its smooth surface became a cinema projector, where memories of Saki and me began to play. The time she cooked inside the room and burned her panties. The time she choked on a strawberry seed. The time she cried because of missing the last episode of Shark Week. Out of that door went my first and last friend. Out of that door went my strength, support, and

I heaved out a sigh. Yes, this quest for animal suicide was definitely going to leave me alone. Like an island in the middle of the ocean. Like a lost children out in the woods.

However, this was the path that I chose. A path that didn't have a way back. The only thing I could do was to keep marching, and hope that---like Saki had wished---I would find my club.
