## 3.

Following Saki's suggestion, I checked online the courses in the Animal Science Department. There were plenty: virology, ornithology, vertebate biology, invertebrate biology. I finally picked the animal behavior course. The best choice because—well, what better place learn about  animal suicide? (Okay, there was also veterinary pathology, but the idea of being surrounded by sick, dying pets wasn't very alluring.) The course began in March 14. So that's when I went.

Despite knowing Saki, I'd never been in the Animal Science Department. I liked the place. It was surrounded by towering pines and low, trimmed hedges. A wooden goat barn and a concrete driveway. I liked the smell, too---the smell of cow and chicken feces. I had to admit. It smelled more pleasant than what car and motocycles expelled.

Inside---not surprisingly, I guessed---it was a cold, long, empty corridor. With no one around. No humans. No animals. Luckily, I found the correct room immediately, which was empty; I was the first student to arrive. Or had I walked into the wrong classroom? Two-oh-four. No, I'd come to the right one. Maybe people at the Animal Science Department were always late. Slow like sloths.

With nothing else to do, I looked around the classroom.
Odd. I'd expected to see some live or embalmed animals.
Instead, I got plastic chairs, square tables, and a
whiteboard.

The only hint of animal behavior class came from the
poster next to the window. It featured an enormous
evolutionary tree of all the animals that had lived on
Earth. From the first jelly-like creature to fish, then
branching up to amphibians, birds, and dinosaurs, and
ending with our primate cousins and man. Studying the
diagram, I wondered what animal had the first suicidal
thought. Did it possess some rudimentary sense of
meaninglessness or hopelessness?

The other students and the professor showed up ten
minutes later. The professor was a man in his forties,
with thinning hair and a beard that reminded me of
Plato---or should I say, Darwin? He wore a polo shirt,
pleated khakis, and sneakers. I could picture him
swinging a club on a golf course.

This first class was just an introduction. Still, I
learned a lot. How cuckoos lay their eggs in other
bird's nests and fool them into raising their offspring.
How peacocks choose their mates based on the color of
their feathers. How salmon, after many years away, swim
back to their birthplace to lay their eggs. Quite
different from what I studied. The focus shifted from
humans---Homer, Shakespeare, Chekhov, Keats---to the
other members of the animal kingdom. Yes, there's
nothing more humbling than natural science. It picks us
up with its tweezers and moves us from the center of the
universe to its farthest edge. From the beginning of the
world's history to its last millisecond. Time flew. And
before I knew it, the professor had finished his
lecture.

"Do you have any questions?" he asked.

I glanced around. Everybody was talking, sleeping, or
playing with their phones. I took the opportunity to
raise my hand.

"The lady with the red coat." The professor pointed in
my direction.

I cleared my throat a few times. Then, with my arm still
extended, I asked, "Do animals commit suicide? If so,
why do they do it?"

My classmates laughed, while the professor glared at me
as if I had committed murder. I swallowed, regretting
the whole thing. I wanted to disappear, turn into vapor.

Luckily, the bell rang, giving me a chance to get the
hell out of there. However, just as I was shouldering my
backpack, the professor called me over. Great. With a
sigh, I slouched to his desk, resigned to whatever came
my way. Once I got there, the professor asked, "May I
know your name, Miss?"

"Li-Mei Lin," I replied, head down, eyes up. "Lin as in
forest. And Li-Mei as in beautiful, but with the
characters reversed." Explaining my name made it sound
even more complicated.

"Okay ... Miss Lin. And your major?"

"English Literature."

"*English Literature*?" he repeated, as though
literature were some illegal activity. "Sorry to ask you
this, but why did you select this course? Animal
Behavior isn't what I'd call *literary*."

"Well." I gulped air again. "I'm doing research about
animal suicide---and, uh, I thought animal behavior had
a lot to do with it."

The professor looked at me with a tangle of annoyance
and confusion. "Yes, animal suicide has *indeed* a lot
to do with animal behavior. You are very intelligent,
Miss Lin. And believe me, I'm very moved by your
enthusiasm. In fact, this is the quality we value most
in our students." He rubbed the balding spot on the top
of his head. "But suicide---"

"Animal suicide," I corrected.

"Yes, excuse me. Animal suicide is a very
*controversial* subject, you see, like war, racism,
terrorism, genocide. And therefore, not very suitable
for a science class, which should focus on empirical
knowledge and established facts. Topics that support the
curriculum. I hope you understand that."

I nodded, no longer sure what the conversation was
about. Genocide?

The professor advised me---in a tone that suggested more
impatience than concern---to look somewhere else for
information, like the lab. Right, as if I could find
something there. Wait. Actually, it was a good place.
They had animals there. Besides, practice was better
than theory; you don't learn to ride a bicycle by
reading a manual, you learn by falling and getting up
again and again.

I searched for the nearest lab, then sneaked in. Inside,
I saw test tubes, lab equipment, and students in white
coats glued to their microscopes. Not a single rat or
hamster. Did NTU have a shortage of animals?

Before I could go ask around, a thin man approached me.
Black square glasses, slightly older than the students.
The lab instructor, I assumed.

"Where's your lab coat?" He scanned me from head to
foot.

"I-I don't have o-o-one." I always stuttered when I was
nervous. Dammit, I should have devised a plan before
coming here.

"W-w-what?" The instructor suffered from the same
condition, perhaps when startled. "Y-you didn't place an
order with your g-g-group?"

"Actually, I d-d-don't have a group ..." Great. Now we
had a stuttering competition.

"W-what?" he said again. "You still d-d-don't have one?"

"W-well, the t-t-thing is ..."

But it didn't last long. Before I could continue, one of
the students---who had apparently overheard my
conversation with the professor---said, "She's from the
English Literature Department. Came here to learn about
animals with suicidal tendencies."

Everyone turned to look at me. There was laughter again,
accompanied by a few whispers. Oh, God. I felt like a
rarity from a freak show---a bearded woman or a
two-headed goat. No doubt, it'd been a mistake to come
to this department. What was I thinking? Did I really
expect to find information about animal suicide? I would
have had more luck with animal castration.

Not wanting to stay another second, I hurried to the
door. As I did, my eyes fell on the student sitting
closest to it. Slim and lanky, with narrow, elongated
eyes and a tall, foreigner's nose. Frizzly hair, almost
an Afro. Peculiar. That wasn't what caught my attention,
though; he was looking at me in a creepy way, perhaps
thinking I was a creep.

He spoke to me when I passed by him, but I refused to
listen---just caught the words "animal suicide". Maybe I
should have stayed? Nah, he'd probably wanted to make
fun of me. And I'd had enough of that for the day.

* * *

^^So that was my^^ first and last experience in the
Animal Science Department. A quite depressing one.
Especially because I didn't know where else to turn. I
felt hopeless. As if my last candle had blown out, and
I'd been left in the dark, bumping into invisible
objects, unable to find my way out.

To make matters worse, my schoolmates started calling me
"Hanging Pup". (News spread like a disease at my
university). At least they could have chosen something
more feminine, like "Hara-kitty" or "Roof-jumping
Bunny." Anyway, I didn't care. Having a silly nickname
never killed anyone.

The problem arose when the story reached my mom. She
went to an aerobic dancing class organized by my
schoolmates' mothers, so she probably learned about it
there. Not surprising, considering that gossiping was
one of the classes' most popular activities. She called
me that same week.

"This suicide issue again?"

"Not suicide, Mom. *Animal suicide*."

"Please stop it," she said in a preachy tone. "You're
scaring people. Remember when you talked about those
exploding ants at your grandmother's? You almost gave
her a heart attack! And your nephew had nightmares for a
month."

"I thought little Chan-Chan liked bugs. That's why---"

"But not stories about them exploding!"

"They do it for the colony. To save it from---"

"Please, honey ..."

"Okay, Mom." I decided to stop it there. She had it hard
already. My father died when I was a baby, so she had to
raise me all by herself. On top of that, her specialty,
teaching Spanish, had very few positions in Taiwan, with
those available usually given to foreigners. If not for
the help she got from her church, I'd probably be
working as a waitress or selling my body to men on the
streets. I owed God that.

Still, I found it annoying. Why the restrictions?
Couldn't a girl pursue her passion in peace? For the
first time, I felt like dropping the whole thing; put it
all on my shelf of "Failed Attempts" and leave it there
to rot.

Destiny, however, had another plan for me. The gods of
suicidal animals would hear my plea and send the help
that I'd been waiting for all along. The help that would
lift me up, take me in, revive the flame that had almost
died inside me.
