## 4.

^^I was eating dinner^^ at NTU's cafeteria. People filled the place, all chattering and blathering at a volume that made my bones vibrate. Okay, maybe it was my mood. Whenever I got depressed, sounds amplified by ten to twenty times---they became indistinguishable from physical pain: the clatter of dishes became toothaches, the roar of cars colics, the drill on construction sites throbbings in my head. At times like this I wished the world would go completely silent, at least for a second.

I let out a deep sigh. So back to Prescription 101. I was so unmotivated, though, that even committing suicide seemed a burdensome task. Imagine that. Not even having the motivation to kill yourself. I decided to postpone it until next week.

But what could I do in the meantime? Well, for now, just eat and stare at the flocks of people around me.

I was doing that when I saw a guy ambling between the tables, heading straight toward me. That Afro---I recognized him immediately. Today, he wore a black jacket with a T-shirt underneath that said ^^Science. It works, bitches^^. Skinny denim jeans, a stripe belt, and a pendant featuring a fish with legs. Damn. Probably a trouble boy.

Without thinking twice, I threw my half-eaten spagetthi into the trash and, shouldering my backpack, got the hell out of the cafeteria. I ran, ran, ran. Without looking back, or where I was going.

* * *

I'd read somewhere---while researching about animal suicide---that hyenas would chase their prey over long distances, often several kilometres. For example, one of these hell hounds hunted a wounded buffalo for two whole days, until the poor giant gave up and tumbled on the grass, resigned to be eaten. (Which ended up happening. Painfully, slowly.)

The guy was doing exactly that; following me like a hyena. One, two, three. For almost four minutes. He walked fast enough to not to lose me, and slow enough so I couldn't see him---no, actually I could see him clearly. Though we were surrounded by bushes, shrubs, and birches, he didn't make any effort to hide. What a confident stalker.

After walking a few more minutes, we entered the university's forest. Maybe I'd lose him among the trees and evening darkness---or I'd get lost, and he wouldn't be able to find me. I paced, paced, paced. In the process, pricking my arms with pine needles and tripping on tree roots. T-shirt and leather shoes---not the best set up to waddle through a forest.

Curious, and finally courageous, I looked back. The guy was still following me. Slowly, Steadily. However, the sun had almost set and the forest was becoming denser and denser. I still had hope. Hope of escaping. And maybe I would have succeed if it weren't for a---wall?

I stopped on my tracks, just in time to not to crash on the concrete in fron of me. That was the forest? God, the world really had a shortage of trees. Maybe we should stop cutting a few.

Like a cornered prey, I turned around, back against the wall, glaring at the guy.

He finally spoke. "A stranger follows you, and the best you can think of is to take him to a forest with you?"

*Think fast, think fast.* I picked a pine cone---there were no branches around---and pointed it to the guy.

"Step back," I barked.

"Hey," the guy said, raising his hands, only two gray silhouettes in the dark. "This isn't necessary."

"I'm sure it is."

"I'm wasn't chasing you." The guy took a few steps back, still showing me his palms. "I was just walking---hoping you'll get tired and stop."

"Just like a hyena ..."

The guy squinted his small eyes. "What?"

"They---forget it. Go away." I pointed the pine cone to his face. "I didn't do anything to you."

"I know, and I won't do anything to you, either."

"Then what do you want?" I said, suddenly feeling stupid for pointing a pine cone at someone.

"It's about yesterday." Perhaps seeing I'd lowered my guard, he lowered his hands. "Why did you rush out of the lab? What was the hurry?"

"None of your business."

"Because some guys made fun of you?"

"That's part of it."

"What's the other?" he asked.

I frowned. "Why do you want to know?"

"Because I care?" He knitted his brows together.

Grudgingly, I summarized the mini-lecture the professor gave me.

"Don't let it bother you. School's where rules prevail and enthusiasm crushed." He set his patch-covered backpack on the empty chair next to him. "Still, you should have stopped when I tried to speak with you."

"Why? So you'd laugh at me, like the others?"

"Hey, you think I'm that kind of person?" He touched his hand to his chest.

"Well," I said. "Judging from your hair, you don't seem like a very serious one."

"Says someone known as Hanging Pup."

"See? You're like the rest!" I tightened the grip on my fork.

"Don't take it so bad. It's a cute name. It suits you."

"What do you mean 'it suits me'? Oh, I get it. Because I'm skinny, right? Because I look underdeveloped."

"Not at all ..."

"Bet you think I'm flat in the front."

"No, c'mon. I said it because of your puppy eyes. Also 'cause of your hair. It's natural brown, right? And by the way, your boobs are okay. They're a little 'teeny', that's all."

"You looked at my chest!"

The guy sighed. "You're not easy to deal with, are you?"

"Anyway, say what you want to say and go away." I crossed my arms, accidentally banging them on the table.

"Okay. But I doubt you'll want me to leave." He rummaged in his patch-covered backpack and produced a pamphlet. Black background. In the middle, a yellow cartoon chick hung from the ceiling of a hen-house, its eyes drawn as Xs, its tiny pink tongue sticking out of its beak. It reminded me of Chico, hanging on that maple. Above the chick, in big yellow letters, was the name of a club.

"Please let me introduce myself." He gave a slow, courteous bow. "My name's De-Shi Tsai, founder and president of the Animal Self-Destruction Observation Group."

"*Animal Self-Destruction Observation Group*?" I blurted, still looking at the pamphlet, "That's the dumbest club name I've ever heard."

"It's to keep conservatives and animal rights activists away," De-Shi explained with a wink. "You know how they are---seeing the words 'animal' and 'suicide' together would be enough to annoy them, spark controversy. Internally, we call ourselves the 'Animal Suicide Club'."

"And you guys really do that? Investigate animal suicides?"

"Yeah, and don't worry. We don't starve dogs so they become depressed, or give monkeys razors to see what they'd do with them. No animals are harmed in our research. Well, except those that decide to die of their own accord."

"Then they really take their own lives?"

"Like you, that's what we're trying to find out."

"But, I don't know. Stumbling into each other---I think it's too much of a coincidence."

"Not really," De-Shi said matter-of-factly. "People with the same interests are bound to find each other. It's inevitable. A universal law."

"All right," I said, playing along with him. "If I'm not mistaken, you want me to join the club."

De-Shi smirked. "I don't even have to ask, do I?"

I looked at the flyer again, and then back at De-Shi. Very strange---meeting someone who didn't see me as a weirdo. But could it be true? Could there be a club dedicated to animal suicide? Wait, maybe it was a prank. Maybe this guy was planning to stuff me in a locker with a dead cat or something like that. The thought put me on guard again.

However, I had found exactly what I'd been looking for. People like me---people who cared about animal suicide. It felt refreshing, stimulating, like a gentle breeze blowing from a far-off land. A breeze that, although exotic, carried a thick, familiar scent. But could I put my hopes on it? Well, it wouldn't kill me to find out.

"Okay." I laid down my fork. "So where's this Animal Suicide Club?"
