^^De-Shi led me to^^ the club that same afternoon. Truth
be told, I still didn't trust the guy---a feeling that
escalated after we exited the university and ducked into
an alley. As we walked through it, I found myself
cornered by unpleasant sights. Walls covered with fungus
and peeling paint. Storm drains clogged with moss.
Dumpsters overflowing with bags, cans, and decaying
food. Gosh. Even rats would have considered it a filthy
environment.

I tapped De-Shi's back. "Can you tell me again why the
club isn't on campus?"

"For the fourth time," he said, glancing over his
shoulder, without slowing his pace, "because the
university thought the club would hurt their image.
Animal Self-Destruction Observation Group isn't as
controversial as Animal Suicide Club. Still, some people
get the meaning."

"And that's why you moved it out?"

"Exactly."

"But why into a slum like this?"

De-Shi scratched his frizzy hair. "You're definitely not
easy to deal with."

After walking for some minutes, we finally reached the
place---a single-floor building, brown, with music flyer
plastered on its walls. What was it? A record store?

"It belongs to a high school friend," De-Shi explained,
noticing my puzzled look. "When he heard I had trouble
finding a place, he offered me the basement. He
organizes punk concerts there, but only twice a year. So
it's practically ours."

I stared at the building. OK, animal suicide and the
Animal Science Department---that made sense. But animal
suicide and punk rock? Well, "Animal Suicide" was a good
name for a punk band.

The store consisted of a narrow, windowless room with
rusty shelves on each side. Crooked. Set to show more
chaos than order. Same with the CDs. They were basically
sorted at random; NOFX was leaning against Green Day,
and Bad Religion was alongside the Sex Pistols. I knew
these bands because I'd dated a punk rocker. Blue
Mohawk. Heroin addict. For some reason, I've always
attracted weird guys.

At the counter, we greeted De-Shi's friend. Nose
piercing. Purple hair.

Looking me over, he asked De-Shi, "Is she---?"

"Yeah," he said, smirking. "A new crew member."

Exchange done, we approached a door with a wooden sign
that said, ^^Animal Suicide Club^^. The words had been
written with a faded marker, so faded the 'animal' part
was barely visible. Just the ghost of a word.

We opened the door and started down the basement steps.
Slowly, an eerie red light surrounded us, making me feel
as if I was descending the stairs to hell. "Hell awaits
those that commit suicide," my mom had once said after
watching a suicide case on TV. I'd always found the
logic strange. Like being sent to jail for murdering
yourself.

Contrary to what I had expected, the basement didn't
feel claustrophobic. It was quite big. Enough to host
twenty or thirty people. The stage occupied one-third of
the space, and featured a golden drum kit and three
microphone stands. Two wardrobe-sized speakers played a
punk rock song. Newspaper clippings and ripped concert
flyers decorated the walls; together, they looked like a
huge abstract painting.

As we approached the center, I spotted an L-shaped bar.
De-Shi told me they used it to sell drinks during the
concerts, and for private parties on weekends. A bar and
a music stage. Jeez, this club had it all.

It took me a moment to notice the girl behind the bar.
She was drinking Jack Daniel's. From the bottle.

Hearing us, she thumped her bottle down on the bar and
turned to De-Shi and me. She had big, sharp eyes.
Jet-black hair and heavy makeup that contrasted sharply
with her pale, powdery skin. She wore a dress that
could've been a cosplay costume; perhaps of an anime
cheerleader of some sort. Unusual. But it suited her
voluptuous figure.

"And who's this high school brat?" the girl asked.

"She's Li-Mei. Met her at NTU." De-Shi turned to me.
"And this is Cath, as in Catherine." He offered a bow.
"Please excuse her. She always greets people like that."

"Hi, Cath." I waved my hand awkwardly. "And yeah, I'm
not a high school student. I just have small bones."

She looked at De-Shi. "Don't tell me she wants to join
us ..."

"Yeah," he said. "She's very enthusiastic about animal
suicide. You should've seen the little commotion she
caused in the department."

"Oh." Cath covered her mouth. "She's Hanging Pup."

"Yup, the very one," I blurted back. Had no idea my fame
had spread so far.

Cath studied me with her piercing eyes. Then she asked
De-Shi, "Sure she's cut out for this?"

"Yeah," he replied, "don't underestimate her. She looks
like a puppy, but has the toughness of a lion."

"Okay. But you think she can handle the outings?"

"*Outings*?" I shot De-Shi a confused look.

"I'll tell you about that later," he said to me with a
wink. "No need to rush things."

"Whatever." With the swiftness of a ballerina, Cath
turned ninety degrees and jumped off the stool. "She
looks soft. Bet she won't even last a week." She waved
us goodbye and went upstairs, slamming the door behind
her. *Nice girl*. And with her gone, the air felt a few
pounds lighter.

"Please excuse her," De-Shi said, rubbing the back of
his head. "She's always like this with strangers. Well,
with friends too. But she's a good girl, just not the
sociable type."

I nodded, wondering why she had joined the club then.
Maybe even people who enjoyed solitude needed a place to
belong.

* * *

^^De-Shi asked if I^^ wanted a drink. Why not? I ordered
a vodka lime.

As I waited, I checked the newspaper articles on the
wall beside me. They were all about animal suicides.
Well, except one: an article about a collector of exotic
animals. He had around fifty of them---lions, wolves,
bears. One day he suddenly cut off the door of the
cages, letting the animals free. After that, he took his
shotgun and blew his brains out. Odd. Why did the man
kill himself? Did it have something to do with the
animals? Human suicides were the most complicated, and
perhaps also the most meaningless.

De-Shi came back with the drinks and clinked his glass
with mine. "Welcome aboard."

"Thanks." I gulped my vodka lime, and heaved out a long
sigh.

"Wow, thirsty?" he asked, eyes wide.

"Yeah, a little bit." I glanced around the club. "It's
kinda empty. Where are the others?"

"There are no *others*."

"What? It's only you and Cath?"

"That's right," De-Shi said.

"I thought you needed at least five people to make a
club."

"A club at *NTU*," he reminded me. "Once we moved out,
we stopped having that problem. But we had another:
finding members. We tried fliers for a while. They
didn't work. Not even the ones with pictures of kittens.
Social media failed us, too; we only got two visitors
and one of them was my mom." He gulped his rum coke.
"That's why I'm surprised to meet you. Oh yeah, I've
been wanting to ask, how did you get interested in
animal suicide?"

I swallowed. The question I'd been dreading all along.

In the end, since we were now members of the same club,
I decided to tell De-Shi everything---about the
prescription site, about Mom's call, about Chico's
mysterious death. I tried to sound cheerful, make a joke
here and there. However, I achieved the opposite, turned
the story into a funeral speech.

"I'm sorry," De-Shi said when I finished.

"It's all right. I feel fine now."

After some hesitation, he asked, "But is it true? You
wanted to end your life just because it was the most
logical thing to do?"

I stared at my distorted reflection in my glass. Giant
nose, elongated face, I could barely recognize myself.
"No, there was something else. The thing is---sorry, I
don't how to explain it. Or I should say, I don't know
how to *justify* it. But even if I could, I'd look
silly, like I'm suffocating in air."

"Sorry, I don't understand."

"Maybe it isn't meant to be understood."

"That's all right." He patted my arm, a simple but warm
gesture. "What matters is that you survived. Survived
from yourself."

I gave him a nod. "How about you?"

"Me what?"

"How did you get interested in animal suicide?"

"I'll tell you later. When the time comes."

"That's not fair!"

"Sorry, but that's the rule of the club," De-Shi said,
faking a formal accent. "New members are required to
share their motivation. The founder, on the other hand,
has the right to withhold that information for as long
as he sees fit."

"You're full of crap."

We both laughed, then drank in silence for a moment. I
had been a long time since I'd felt relaxed like this.
The background music, the smooth surface of the
bar---they made me forget how anxiety feels. How
frustration feels. It was as if a black hole had sucked
them into another dimension, leaving nothing but the
words.

"So," I said, "what are these outings? Some Boy Scout
thing?"

"Not really. They're---it's hard to explain, because
there's nothing like them, and at the same time they're
many things put together. Like a chimera."

I frowned. "You know, you have an ability to describe
something without providing the slightest information."

"That's how the world is." De-Shi extended his arms,
palms up. "Infinitely complex, yet with nothing to tell
us."

"Anyway," I said, "when's the next outing?"

"Next month."

"Cool." I was free, since I'd already axed "Killing
Myself" from my schedule. "What do I have to bring?"

"Just your inquiring soul." He raised his index finger.
"Oh, also extra clothes---and a flashlight."
