## 5.

Besides being religous, Mom was also a person of rituals (which kind of made sense). She had normal ones, like reading the Bible before sleep, feasting on holidays, going to Church every Sunday. As well as not very normal ones, like lighting an incense during each meal, chanting a mantra before reading, praying ten Hail Marys after taking shower.

So, it wasn't surprising when she added another ritual to the list: visiting Chico's grave every Saturday. It  included me, which was the reason I was standing outside in my house's yard, with raindrops the size of rocks drumming my umbrella. Colder than buttock in bikini.

"Sorry for not calling this week." I wiped my eyes with
a tissue. "I've been busy."

"That's okay, honey," she said. "I know being a student is hard."

"Yeah, kinda."

You selected more courses this year?"

"Actually, I joined a club."

"Oh, that's great. Which one?"

"Animal Self-Destruction Observation Group." I decided
not to lie, since I'd probably have a long-term
relationship with the club.

"Animal?" Mom's skinny eyebrows formed a straight line.
"Don't tell me ..."

"No. It's not about suicide. It's about, uh, animals."

"Oh." She returned her gaze to the grave. "That's good.
A club that's not from your department. A completely
different experience."

"Yeah, I like variety." Luckily, Mom wasn't good at
catching the meaning of complicated names.

"Is it fun?" she asked. "What do you do there?"

"I'll find out tomorrow at the camp."

"Did you pack your clothes, sun blocker, your Hello
Kitty doll?"

I frowned. "Mom. Remember. I'm nineteen."

"You're right, honey. Sorry. Sometimes I forget you're
already an adult."

"I've noticed that."

"I know it's tiring," she said, "but parents are like
this. All we want is for our children to grow up
healthy. And happy."

*To grow happy*. How would she have felt if she knew
about my unhappiness? And that because of it I almost
committed suicide? The thought made me feel sad, a
sadness that drilled a hole in my heart. But well, she
never knew about it. So, to her, it didn't exist at all.

Blowing into her handkerchief, Mom excused herself and went to prepare the dinner---hopefully not meat. As for me, I just stood there, not knowing what to do. Since I didn't need to find out the truth about Chico's anymore. His secret---together with his small, decomposing body---was buried underground. To never resurface again.

* * *

That week I decided to give the Animal Department another shot. Dunno why. Maybe I was feeling better and less resentful because I'd met De-Shi and the Animal Suicide Club. Funny, our emotions and decisions are tightly tied to little events. Events we can't control. Events we don't expect at all.

This time, I picked the Animal Reproduction class, figuring that, by learning about how animals' lives began, I'd learn about how their lives ended.

The course was held in a lecture hall, which made me feel more like a was attending a play than a university class. Remora and Piglet. But precisely because the place was so big I couldn't really hear too much. The voice of the teacher were more like the echoes of a bath than words.

Just as I was about to fall asleep though, someone tapped me on the shoulder. The tap felt familar. Tap, tap tap. Three soft touched that felt like the pecking of a small bird.

Surprised, I looked up to face a face I hadn't seen in a while. A face that I had almost gotten lost in a sea of forgotten memories.

"Saki," I blurted out. "What are you doing---oh, never mind."

Saki nodded, biting her lower lip. She looked different. Her hair was short, almost like a boy. She had makeup on, which made her look weird; more like an kid trying to be an adult than an adult.

"Hi, Li-Mei ... h-how are you?"

"Fine, fine" I said. "Just here you know---following your advice of coming to your department."

"Yeah ... you've become a bit famous here."

I let out a sigh. "I wouldn't be surprised I were its mascot already." I looked up.

"Don't worry, they'll forget about it in maybe a few yers."

"What a relief," I said sarcastically.

The git her lip again. "Not much like what I did to you---I guess you'll never forget."

"Well," I said. "Maybe not forget but I can forgive."

Saki looked at me. "Really?"

I nodded. "Forgetting is the first step of forgetting."

"I'm glad," Saki said with a smile.

"How's it going with the club?"

She bit her lip again. "Honestly, not very good. Not exactly what I thought it would be. I thought I'd connect with the people there because they are passionate about animals like me. But for some reason, I just don't feel I belong there. Like our tastes are differen. Our jokes. Our wavelenghts."

"Oh, that's bad." I said. "So what you gonna do?"

"Stay, since I'm already there."

"That's always a bad reason to stay somewhere," I replied.

"I know," Saki said with a sigh. "But not everthing we do is for a good reason."

"Well, maybe you're right."

"How about yours---I heard you joined a club too."

"Yeah, it's pretty good," I said. "I finally found people who connect with me. Who doesn't try to evade me."

Saki gave me a guilty look. "Sorry."

"No, don't be," I said, putting a hand on her shoulder. "You're the one who told me this. And it became true."

She blinked at me. "What?"

"You're the one who told me that I would find a club---and in some microscopic way, I believed you---so I followed your word."

Saki smiled at me weakly. "It was the least last I could do."

I placed my other hand on her shoulder. "So that's why I still consider you as a friend."

Saki began weeping again and very soon her tears became a waterfall. I glanced around nervously wishing people didn't think that I was hitting her or something.

"Okay---maybe we can become friends again." Saki wiped her eyes. "Again all of this is done. I mean, this *turbulence* is gone, after everything comes back as before---like the time we used to be in the dorm together. I miss those times."

"You know, another person would have already kicked your ass by now---but okay."

And with that we hugged and then Saki came back to her seat. The bell rang again. Saki said goodbye and that she needed to hurry to another class. As for me, I sat there for a moment, thinking about all the time we had had together---just like that day she left. She was my past, but also the little light that lit it. And I would be thankful forever to her for that.

I sat down at stared at the picture. And now I was in the *present*. Tomorrow the *future*.

Animal Suicide Club. What kind of crazy stuff I would encounter there?
