## 6.

^^We drove down the^^ highway in De-Shi's Toyota, dim
streetlights passing by, the city scene fading bit by
bit behind us. I couldn't see anything beyond the lot
fences. No fields, no trees, no houses---just an endless
patch of black. Were highways supposed to be this dark?
I tried to recall a reference, but failed. My memory
was as empty and shadowy as my surroundings.

I looked at my watch. We'd already been on the road for
an hour. The further we went, the more anxious I became.
And for good reason: I was on the highway with a man.
Alone. At night. Didn't murder scenes start like this?

Nah, I was overthinking it. De-Shi seemed like a good
guy, someone who wouldn't even harm a fly. Could I be
wrong? I clutched the pepper spray in my hoodie pocket.

"Excited, Hanging Pup?" De-Shi asked. He'd started
calling me that at some point during the trip.

"Yeah," I said, turning away from the window, "excited
about this place you haven't told me anything about."

De-Shi glanced over at me. "I already told you, we're
going to Miaoli County."

"And let me guess, it has ground below and sky above?"

"That's right. And many air particles for you to
breathe."

We drove into a tunnel. The amber lights lining the
sides flashed like paparazzi cameras. We emerged on the
other side after a few minutes.

"Can you tell me why Cath didn't come?" A question I'd
been wanting to ask for some time.

"Why? You missing her?"

"You bet," I said.

"She doesn't come to all the outings." After a fleeting
hesitation, De-Shi added, "She has some---medical
issues."

"*Medical issues*?" My memory took me back to that
afternoon at the club. That whiskey bottle. "She's an,
uh, alcoholic?"

"Yes," he said. "But to her, it's more like a lifestyle
than a disease."

"Then what's her problem?"

"Sorry. Private information. Maybe she'll tell you one
day."

I scowled. "If that day ever comes ..."

"Oh, also, the outings stress her, make her feel
uncomfortable."

"I can imagine." I glanced at our backpacks in the back
of the car. "Who knows what perverted things you force
her to do---oh, how didn't I see it? I'm the next
victim!"

De-Shi sighed. "How does your boyfriend stand going on
vacation with you?"

"I don't have a boyfriend." I crossed my arms. "And I
don't go on vacations."

"That explains your good temper."

"No one forced you to bring me along."

"Did you know that aggression is a direct product of
fear?" De-Shi honked at a speeding car. "Animals
developed this response to protect themselves from
possible threats. Same for humans. Imagine what'd happen
if we didn't feel rage toward a killer."

I cupped my chin in my hand. "How about those who are
not a threat to us? Sometimes we still hate them."

"The danger doesn't have to be physical; there are other
ways to get hurt, bleed invisible blood."

"So what's your point?" I said, hand back on my pepper
spray. "That it's okay to kill a killer?"

"Not important. Never mind." He turned a sharp curve.
"As for your other question---it depends. If the killer
is right in front of you ..."

"How about those who deserve the death penalty?"

"That's a tricky one." De-Shi squinted, as though
watching out for animals on the road. "The cases are
difficult to judge, like the metro attack last week.
You know about it right? The boy got a fruit knife, got
into the train, and stabbed four random people to death.
Just because he wanted to do something 'big and
shocking'."

I remembered seeing it on TV. Four dead, ten wounded.
Mom had called the boy the Antichrist.

"So now people want to give him the death penalty,"
De-Shi continued. "Not a fan of this decision. And don't
get me wrong, it's not that I sympathize with the boy.
But I think it would be a lot more useful to keep him
alive and study him, find out what's really going on in
his brain. Look at it this way: we found a patient with
a rare virus. What makes more sense---to kill him, or to
study the virus so we can learn more about it?"

"Guess you're right," I said, loosening my grip on the
pepper spray. "But I don't know, that would mean keeping
him alive ..."

"So?"

"Don't you hate the boy?"

"Sure." De-Shi's hands turned into fists on the steering
wheel. "I would be lying if I said I didn't. But I hate
more the idea of this type of crime happening again."

"Or worse, happening to the people we love."

"Exactly."

Before long, De-Shi pulled over to the side of the road.
"We're here," he announced. Shouldering our backpacks,
we got out of the car and turned on our flashlights. We
were in the middle of nowhere. An endless road ahead.
Pine trees on both sides. The place could have been a
walking trail up a mountain.

I was about to ask De-Shi why we were here when I
spotted the row of parked cars on my right. They
surrounded a gate---three chunky logs forming a towering
H. On the gate hung a wooden sign. It had the picture of
a winged cow, with the name of the place written
underneath.

"Flying Cow Ranch?" I blurted out.

"Yeah." De-Shi stepped next to me. "Close to what you
had in mind?"

I pointed my flashlight at a cow statue with a spherical
body and red pants. "Sure ..."

"This is what they call a guest ranch," he said, "a
ranch with accommodations, campsites, activities. You
know, for friends and families to come together on
weekends."

"Right. So what are we doing here?"

Squinting his already narrow eyes, De-Shi said, "Thirty
cows jumped off a cliff nearby."

"What?" I gaped at De-Shi.

"Just what you heard."

"Is that why it's called the Flying Cow Ranch?" The name
didn't ring a bell in my mind.

"No, that's just the name of the ranch." He shrugged.
"No idea why. Maybe the person who came up with it was
high."

"You didn't know the person? So, how did you find out about the cows?"

"I have a *source*."

"A source? Like a private eye who tells about every single case of animal suicide?"

"Something like that."

"Did he also tell you how the cows kill themselves?" I asked.

"No. That's what we're here to investigate."

"Sounds like detective work."

De-Shi smirked. "It's not just science in the Animal
Suicide Club."

"Too bad cows can't talk," I said. "At least we would've
had a witness."

"We do have one."

"Really?"

He signaled ahead with his flashlight and nodded. "But
not a cow---a man."

Our way was on a slope, so steep and long it seemed to
reach for the moon. A gravel path went all the way to
the top, winding like a snake, with tall fences lining
both sides. Watching keenly, I noticed flashing green
eyes behind them. It took me a moment to figure out what
they were. Goats. Hundreds of them. They stared at us as
we passed. Dead, blank stares. I'd never imagined goats
could be so creepy.

We found a cottage at the top of the slope. Wooden
window frames. Bright silvery walls. De-Shi told me this
was where the owner of the ranch lived. The last person
who'd seen the cows alive.

I spotted him immediately, barbecuing on the front
porch. His appearance reminded me of a stick insect:
tall and slender, with a long neck and extremities. Even
his eyes resembled a bug's. Big and bulging. Despite
this, he looked quite elegant, an impression accentuated
by his skinny jacket and gleaming leather shoes.

The man rose from his folding chair. "Welcome. Sorry for
making you come so late. But I only have free time at
night."

After exchanging greetings with the man, we put down our
backpacks and sat on the folding chairs next to the
barbecue. The warmth felt nice, and the aroma made my
mouth water. Back on his seat, the ranch owner leaned
over and gave a skewer to both De-Shi and I. It tasted
incredible. Grass-fed beef. How ironic---eating the very
subject of our investigation.

As we ate, I glanced around. Only then did I notice the
pine forest; it enclosed the ranch like a fortress wall.
The cliff hid somewhere behind that barrier. I wondered
where.

"So Mr. Wu," De-Shi said, putting down his skewer on a
plate. "Do you mind if I start the interview?"

Mr. Wu raised his palm. "Please proceed."

De-Shi pulled out a small spiral notebook with a pen
clipped to it. He cleared his throat. Then, pen and
notebook in hand, he asked, "When did the incident with
the cows occur?"

"December 4, 2013. Exactly four months ago."

"Around eleven p.m., is that right?"

Mr. Wu nodded.

De-Shi continued, "Did you notice anything unusual about
them during the day?"

"Not at all." Mr. Wu gazed nostalgically at the ranch.
He probably still had a full-color memory of the cows.
"They acted normally---they grazed, mooed, and laid
around as they always did. Their typical cow routine.
One of them got sick, so it had to be taken to the vet.
But that's a common occurrence, too. I doubt the other
cows were particularly concerned about it."

"What about later that night?"

"If they did something unusual, it was too insignificant
to attract my attention."

De-Shi flipped through his notebook and stopped at a
page. "You said you were awake at the time, that you saw
everything with your own eyes."

"That's correct." A deep crease formed between Mr. Wu's
brows. "I was alone in my room, sorting out a
bookkeeping problem. The high season had just started,
so things were bustling around here.

"I was about to finish the work when the table suddenly
started to shake. 'An earthquake', I thought. So I
immediately ducked under the table. After listening
carefully, however, I realized that the rattling wasn't
coming from the floor or the walls, but from outside.
Quickly, I crawled out and looked out the window. I
couldn't believe it. A herd of cows had broken from
their pen---and were running, one after the other, away
from the ranch."

De-Shi looked up. "What happened next?"

"My staff had already gone home, so I decided to deal
with this myself; I grabbed my keys, got into my Jeep,
and followed the stampede. I drove right beside the
cows, honking my horn, so close I could almost touch
them. But they wouldn't change their way. It was as if
they were in a trance.

"Before long, we entered the forest path. That's when I
realized where the cows were heading. The cliff! I
panicked. Tried to think fast---think of how to save
them. But before I could even begin, the cows were
already plunging over the edge, one after another, like
a line of ants. It was a horrible sight. And the worst
part was, I couldn't do anything about it. Just watch,
as intervening would have meant I'd fall, too."

De-Shi and I stared at Mr. Wu, baffled. I could picture
each scene vividly: the cows, the cliff, the fall. I had
the feeling they'd remain branded in my mind forever.

Eyes back to the notebook, De-Shi asked, "Do you think
they were disturbed by something? Say, a predator?"

Mr. Wu brought his bony finger to his chin. "I've seen
leopard cats roaming around. But I doubt they are to
blame. Cats don't chase cows. Not even wild ones like
these."

"How about humans?"

"People? I can't think who. There are no vandals in the
area. And as far as I'm concerned, no one holds anything
against the farm. There's no reason for it. We've never
been involved in a food scandal, or in a competition
with another ranch."

"Okay, one last question." De-Shi scribbled down a few
words. "Do you think the cows jumped off the
cliff---intentionally?"

I had thought the same question. Did they get tired of
having their udders sucked by machines everyday? Or had
they discovered that their sole purpose of existing was
to become a steak?

"Intentionally?" Mr. Wu blurted out.

"Yes." De-Shi drew his eyebrows together. "By their own
will."

Mr. Wu lowered his insect eyes and poked at the meat, as
though asking it the truth about its suicidal comrades.
"To be honest, Mr. Tsai, I have no idea. They led a very
happy life here. They had food, water, shelter, health
care. We also took care of their psychological
well-being---gave them spacious and comfortable barns,
and allowed them to graze freely in the field everyday.
I'm convinced they enjoyed even more benefits than most
people in the Third World."

Mr. Wu paused for breath.

"So again, I don't have the slightest clue what drove
them to do it. Only one thing I know: there's no way an
animal or a person could have sent them running like
that. Whatever triggered their reaction came from
beyond. From something that transcends the laws of
physics. Or even this world. That's what I truly
believe."
