## 7.

"^^Something from beyond?" De-Shi^^ and I made our way
into the pine forest. "What was Mr. Wu talking about?"

De-Shi shrugged. "Maybe he thinks the cows were
possessed by evil spirits."

"You believe that?" I asked.

"People once thought epilepsy was a sign of demonic
possession." De-Shi held a branch for me to pass. "Then
science stepped in and found out it was actually a
disease, abnormal activity in the brain. Everything
regarded as supernatural will be explained by science in
one way or another. It's just a matter of time."

"But some people still believe in demonic possession."

"I wonder." De-Shi stared at an invisible point ahead.
"When people have seizures, where do they go? To the
exorcist or to the doctor?"

"That reminds me, why didn't Mr. Wu call a vet?" I leapt
over a thorny shrub. 

"What for?" De-Shi jumped next.

"To check for survivors," I said. "Or at least to see if
he could recover some of the meat."

"I asked him about that when I first met him. The fact
is, Mr. Wu is a bit superstitious. Believes in omens,
prophecies, witchcraft. Also, that if you disturb a
group of dead animals, they'll come and haunt your
livestock."

"That doesn't make any sense."

De-Shi flashed me a grin. "If it made sense, it wouldn't
be called 'superstition'."

After walking for a while, we found ourselves on a
narrow forest path, completely surrounded by ferns and
mushroom-shaped trees. The moonlight barely made its way
through, and when it did, it was only a faint silver
beam. There were all kinds of creepy sounds: the
snapping of twigs, the sighing of leaves, the cries of
cicadas, the ominous hooting of an owl. Together they
formed a sinister night symphony.

Following close behind De-Shi, waving my flashlight
around, I asked, "So, can you tell me now where we're
going?"

"Isn't it obvious?" he replied. "To the cliff."

"We could have taken the car or a taxi."

"It's better to follow the exact path of the cows. You
know, in case we find a clue." De-Shi turned his head to
look at me. "Don't worry, this forest is safe. No
dangerous people or animals. I checked on the Internet."

"How about the leopard cats?"

"They're called that because of their dotted fur.
They're not actually leopards." De-Shi gave me a twisted
smile. "Or what, you're afraid of being devoured by a
little kitty?"

"How about wasps, spiders, snakes, and bears? And don't
forget the ghosts of the cows. I bet they're still
lurking around. *Moooo*, *moooo* ..."

"I think you scare me more," De-Shi said.

We climbed a long slope.

"So what's this *clue* we're searching for? I asked.
"Feces?"

"I don't think the cows were defecating while
stampeding."

"At least they should have left some tracks. I don't see
any."

De-Shi pointed his flashlight to the leafy ground.
"Remember, the tracks were at the mercy of rain, wind,
and heat. The changes of seasons, and the changes in the
topography of the place. I think you know this---the
Earth's constantly moving, adjusting, leaving nothing
behind."

I raised my eyes and spotted a hole in the canopy. A
tiny window to the night sky. I wondered if what De-Shi
had said was true for mankind as well. I thought of the
footprints of the first man to walk on the Moon. With no
doubt, one of the greatest landmarks in human history.
But was it really worth it? Those footprints, like the
cow's tracks, would disappear one day. After the Big
Crunch or after our galaxy gets swallowed by a black
hole. And when that time comes, it'd be as if nothing
had happened. As if no man had ever walked on the Moon.

De-Shi suddenly bent down. I almost tripped over him.

"Hey!" I yelled. "What the---? Oh what's that?"

He held something tiny and yellow. My flashlight
revealed some numbers written on it. ^^024^^.

I knelt down next to him. "Isn't that what cows wear on
their ears?"

"Yeah," De-Shi said. "An ear tag."

I traced my fingers over the painted numbers. "I think
it belonged to cow number twenty-four. You know, from
the thirty that jumped?"

"It's possible."

"Do you think it's a clue?"

"I'm not sure," he confessed.

"Or maybe it means something ..."

"No idea."

"You don't know anything!"

"Hey remember, this isn't human suicide." De-Shi stuffed
the tag into pocket of his jeans. "The clues might lead
us nowhere. It's always been like this; in fact, we've
never solved a single case."

"Not a single case?" I blurted out. "So why do you keep
on doing it?"

"Well." De-Shi let the word hang in the air for a
moment. "Maybe working on each individual case is
useless. However, I think we'll find something once we
look at them as a whole. You know what they say: the
pieces of a puzzle don't mean anything separately, but
together, they reveal a clear picture."

I nodded, even though his theory made no sense. Well,
better have a silly theory than a somber uncertainty. 

We marched on. The forest seemed endless. Either that or
we were going in circles; the same trees kept passing
by, like the looped backgrounds used in old Westerns.
However, just as I was about to speak up, the trees
cleared away, and we found ourselves in a tiny field. A
chilly wind tousled our hair. Wet grass swayed softly,
reflecting fragmented moonlight---this display of
dancing diamonds stopped abruptly ahead. It took me a
few seconds to figure out why.

"The cliff," I muttered.

One step at a time, we approached the edge and looked
down. Deep darkness. I could see nothing but a few rocks
and, from time to time, an almost invisible white foam.
A shore. If I listened carefully, I could hear the waves
crashing on the rocks, muffled, secluded, like echoes
from a distant world---probably the last sound the cows
ever heard.

I pointed my flashlight down, the light swallowed by the
darkness. "Can't see a thing from here."

"You're right." Opening his backpack, De-Shi pulled a
rope, a harness, and other climbing equipment. "That's
why I'm going down."

"Are you crazy? That would be---suicide. And by the way,
where did you get those?"

"From the university's Mountaineering Club. I've been a
member for years, so they let me take some of the
stuff."

"Didn't know you did rock climbing." I crouched down to
inspect the gleaming equipment.

"It comes in handy in situations like this."

"B-but I don't know ..."

"Don't worry," De-Shi assured me. "More people die
slipping in the bathtub than doing this. It's relatively
safe."

"*Relatively* is a very suspicious word," I said. "It
can mean anything between 'kinda' to 'very'."

"So what do you suggest?" De-Shi picked up the rope,
cradling it like a baby. "Say a prayer for the cows and
go back?"

I sighed. He had a point. It'd be a pity not to get to
the bottom of the mystery.

De-Shi went over to a tree and wrapped the rope around
it. A solid knot. One that'd come in handy if you
decided to hang yourself. He then came back to the
cliff's edge and threw down the other end of the rope.
Finally, faking a formal voice, he asked, "Does the lady
want to go first?"

"Uh, well ..."

De-Shi laughed. "Just kidding. I'll go alone."

I peeked inside his backpack. "Then why did you bring
equipment for two people?"

"I wanted to give you an on-site training. You've done
this before?"

"Once. In high school. On a climbing wall."

"Maybe you should skip it this time," De-Shi suggested.
"The descent looks more dangerous than I thought. Too
dark. Leave it to me---I'll just take a few pictures and
come back."

He put on the climbing shoes, the harness, and attached
himself to the rope. He checked the equipment one last
time. Everything set, he gave the rope a few tugs and
began his descent. I watched as, inch by inch, he
vanished into the darkness below, leaving a dangling
rope behind him. De-Shi had been right: the outings were
a mixture of everything. I wouldn't be surprised if he
pulled out diving equipment next time.

With him gone, I had to find something to keep myself
busy. But what to do at a clifftop? And in the middle of
the night? I could pull out my phone and play Angry
Birds or some other crappy game. No. I knew I wouldn't
be able to concentrate. Not with De-Shi hanging from a
hundred-foot fall.

I fretted for a while. Finally, I went over to the edge
of the cliff. The rope, now slack, lay on the ground
like a dead snake. The only sound, as before, was the
slapping of waves. Had De-Shi reached the bottom? If so,
how did he do it so quickly?

I dug out my phone and called him. One ring, two rings,
three rings ... voicemail. Damn. Why didn't he pick up?
Had something bad happened to him? Many scenarios ran
through my mind. De-Shi injured and bleeding to death on
the rocks. De-Shi being dragged into the sea by a giant
wave. De-Shi being eaten alive by the ghosts of the
suicidal cows. Oh, God.

"De-Shi!" I shouted down, but only the whistling of the
wind replied.

Tucking my flashlight under my arm, I crouched down and
pulled at the rope a few times. No response. Had De-Shi
unfastened his harness? I kept pulling and pulling,
until the end of rope finally came up. Empty! I sucked a
deep breath, tried to calm myself. Okay, maybe I was
being paranoid. Maybe De-Shi was busy with his camera,
struggling with the device's settings or something.
Yeah, a plausible situation.

Still---

In the end, I decided to go down. If De-Shi was hurt,
every minute counted. Plus he probably would have done
the same for me.

My mind made up, I rushed over to his backpack and took
out the second climbing set. Then, mimicking De-Shi's
steps, I put the equipment on---climbing shoes, harness,
helmet---and attached myself to the rope. Had I done it
right? I checked the equipment, pulled at the rope.
Everything seemed fine and in its place. At least for
now.

The hardest part was about to come: going down the
cliff. I crouched on its edge and stayed there, staring
at the giant, open mouth underneath me.

A few minutes passed. Each lasting a lifetime.

Finally, gathering enough courage, with my hands
clutching the rope and my back facing the ocean, I
lowered myself over the edge. Vertigo hit me
immediately. My head began to spin. My heart raced. And
my body became paralyzed, except for my hands, which
clutched the rope hard enough to leave bruises.

I groaned. Why was I doing this? Guess I was afraid of
losing De-Shi. Like it or not, he'd become my guide; the
lighthouse that led me through this tempestuous sea
called life. Now, however, it was my turn to rescue him,
to pull him out of those murky waters (and then strangle
him for scaring me).

Gripping the rope and gluing my eyes on the cliff wall,
I resumed my way. Step down, step down. It was torture.
Not because of pain; my feet could barely feel the
rocks, and the rope didn't hurt my hand anymore. But
because this bottomless fear, this invisible force that
threatened to pull me down, without actually doing it.
Like a cat mercilessly toying with a bird.

In an attempt to escape these thoughts, I looked up. The
distant moon and stars entered my field of vision. And
of course the cliff: its wall, its edge---but I couldn't
see the top, and for some reason I couldn't recall how
it looked. Had an eternity passed down here? Step down,
step down. Doing this reminded me of the nightmares I
used to have. They always featured extreme,
vertigo-inducing situations, like me going down an
endless ladder or crossing a bridge with missing planks.
Why did that happen? Maybe when we sleep, our fear
regulator turns off, letting our ugliest monsters roam
free. To haunt us.

Unfortunately, this wasn't a dream, but the solid
reality. And I had to keep moving. Step down,
step---that's when my heel hit a solid surface. I looked
at my feet. Land at last!

I freed myself from the rope and turned on my
flashlight. Sharp rocks jutted out like spears and
jagged stones lay around like broken glass. Death
guaranteed if you fell on them.

I searched around frantically. De-Shi, what I relief! I
found him standing on the shoreline, rooted on the spot,
his curly hair flapping in the wind, narrow eyes fixed
on the wave-beaten rocks.

Staggering toward him, I barked, "Why didn't you pick up
the phone?"

"You called?" De-Shi pulled out his phone and squinted
at the screen. "Oh, sorry. I turn it off when I'm
climbing. You know, it's not the best moment to get
startled." He scratched the back of his head. "Wait ...
hey! How did you come down?"

"By almost getting myself killed!"

"Apologies." De-Shi gave me a short bow. "I promise it
won't happen again."

"Forget it." Remembering the reason we'd come here, I
glanced around. I couldn't believe it. 

There wasn't a single cow carcass.

Slowly, I stepped next to De-Shi. We stood there for a
time, gazing into the darkened horizon. 

"Maybe this is the wrong cliff?" I finally suggested. 

De-Shi shook his head. "Mr. Wu told me there's only one
cliff. And you already saw the ear tag."

"So why isn't there any---?"

Like an archaeologist, De-Shi brushed the pebbles under
his feet. "I have a theory: they decomposed."

"In only four months?"

De-Shi nodded. "Vultures must have helped. You know,
devouring the decaying meat. And the tides go all the
way up, so the fish had some of the banquet, too. The
rest was probably washed over and over by the
waves---until nothing remained. Nothing at all."

I looked at him and then back to the horizon. The moon,
veiled by coal-like clouds, could no longer be seen
anymore. Neither the stars. Without them, the sky became
a black void. Eerie. And so immense, so infinite, I felt
it would never fit inside my heart.

The cows had disintegrated, every single one of them.
Was this the fate that we would eventually follow? To be
washed away by the waves of time, until nothing
remained? I tried to erase these thoughts from my mind.
But I couldn't. When you discover a truth, it blends
with you, it becomes a part of you. And getting rid of
it would mean getting rid of yourself, which is
impossible.

Unless you commit suicide.
