## 8.

^^De-Shi and I went^^ back to Mr. Wu's cottage and gave
him a brief account of our findings. To which he said,
"Well, at least we don't have to deal with the
carcasses. Imagine how difficult would have been to pull
them up that cliff!"

As previously agreed, to thank us for our detective
work, Mr. Wu provided us with free accommodation.
Because of the Dragon Boat Festival holiday, all the
lodgings were taken, leaving only the cabin behind his
house. It had once belonged to his son, who five years
ago moved to Taichung to open a steakhouse,
appropriately enough, named The Flying Steak.

The place fulfilled my expectations. It had everything:
a full bathroom, a roomy closet, a window overlooking
the field, and---only one bed?

"Aha!" I said, dropping my backpack on the floor. "You
did have a game plan after all!"

"Hey, wait," De-Shi said, raising his palms. "I told Mr.
Wu we were two. His mistake, I guess. Maybe he thought
we were a couple." He knelt beside the twin bed. "Don't
worry, we have two mattresses here. I'll put one on the
floor."

And that's how we settled in for the night. To feel
safer, using a clothesline I found on the porch, I hung
a bed sheet in the middle of the room. De-Shi thought
I'd gone nuts. But you can't be too careful.

After taking turns to shower, we turned off the lights
and went to our respective beds. I couldn't sleep. Every
time I closed my eyes, the images of the cows projected
in front of me: their eye sockets being pecked by
vultures, their organs chewed up by fish, their rotting
meat being sucked by flies. But why? I never actually
saw the cows. All I'd experienced was their *absence*
and this---this unsettling feeling I'd been carrying
since I came down that cliff.

I exhaled, hoping to expel this intruder.

"You okay, Hanging Pup?" The sheet muffled De-Shi's
voice a bit.

"Yeah, I ... think so," I answered.

"I know how you feel. It was the same for me the first
time."

I sat up and addressed the sheet. "Really?"

I imagined De-Shi nodding his head in the dark. "After
an outing, you feel as if something has crept inside
you. Something dark and murky, like crude oil. It
travels gradually, silently, polluting every cell in
your body. You can feel it. Eating you alive. And the
worst part is, you're the only one who's aware of it.
Yes, you can explain it to people, but just skin-deep.
They can't help you. So you have no choice but to fight
alone. Fight this *darkness* alone."

I let De-Shi's words sink in my head. *To fight alone*.
Was that true even though we had the club? True, we were
only three members, but that was enough to help and
receive help. Besides, fewer people meant more
attention.

Perhaps this "darkness", despite coming from the same
source, varied depending on the person. Like when you
press a drop of ink between two sheets of paper.
Sometimes you get a butterfly. Sometimes a face. And
other times a shape so amorphous it doesn't resemble
anything at all.

"Still, I don't get it," I said. "Why this feeling? The
outings don't seem particularly disturbing."

"Honestly, I don't know." De-Shi remained silent, a
silence that deepened the darkness of the room. "Maybe
we *already* have this feeling inside, and the outings
just remind us of it."

"Another of your theories?"

"If you think about it, everything is a theory."

"Anyway," I said, resting my back on the cold headboard,
"does this feeling get better over time?"

"It gets worse," De-Shi replied. "The more you come to
the outings, the more this 'oil' accumulates in you.
Think of yourself as an ocean and the outings as oil
tankers. Every time a tanker sinks, your waters become
darker, dirtier, more toxic."

I raised my hand to my temple. "What happens if too much
of it accumulates?"

"We're the first to indulge in this pastime. So I have
no idea. All I know is that it's nothing good. It may
harm us more than we think."

"But, you and Cath have been doing it for a while. And
you're both fine. Well, she looks a bit messed up, but
you're fine."

"Humans are very good at channeling negative energy into
positive energy," De-Shi said. "Black comedy's a perfect
example of that. You know, turning serious topics like
death and politics into jokes. Maybe that's why we have
laughter. To protect us from the cold reality of the
world."

"Not sure if I'm good at that---channeling negative
energy."

"I think you are." De-Shi stirred on his mattress,
making a sound like the rustling of dry leaves. "You
showed that today. In your first outing. You should've
seen Cath after hers: she locked herself in her
apartment for weeks."

"Really?" I blurted out. "I thought she was, uh,
strong."

"Well, I think you beat her in that. And I'm not just
talking about how you're handling the outings. Apart
from your occasional mood swings, you seem like a pretty
happy person. Quite impressive, considering you're still
living with the shadow of suicide."

I gazed out the window beside me. The moonless sky made
the field look brown. Late autumn brown. "I wouldn't
call it happiness. It's more of an ongoing acceptance of
unhappiness. Like the dogs in an electric shock
experiment I read about. They were put in pairs, one
with a lever that stopped the shocks, and the other with
a lever that didn't. After the experiment, the first dog
recovered quickly, but the second became depressed, and
did nothing when the experiment was repeated, just curl
in a corner and whine."

"*Learned helplessness*."

"Is that the name of the condition?"

"That's right. It's when an organism stops trying to
avoid pain, because it has realized it can't control the
situation."

I dissected De-Shi's definition. "So I realized I'm not
in control of my happiness?"

"Yeah, probably," he said, as if he were responsible for
this. "It's the same for everyone, though. And it makes
sense: if people could choose to be happy then everybody
would be happy. No one wants to be unhappy. Not even
people who enjoy pain, like masochists; they do it
because it gives them pleasure."

"Maybe they aren't trying hard enough?" I ventured.

"It's impossible to verify that. And who knows, maybe
they *are* trying hard enough, but just in the wrong
way. But even if they're not doing their best, you can't
blame them. Maybe they don't have the motivation
because---well, they are unhappy." 

"An endless cycle," I concluded.

"Exactly."

"So I'll probably never find happiness ..."

"Not necessarily," De-Shi said. "True, you can't
*choose* your happiness, but that doesn't mean you can't
*find* it. Just keep your eyes open, and make sure to
hold onto it when it comes. Hold onto it as if your life
depended on it."

"Wow." I wrapped my arms around my cold legs. "You know
not only about animal science, but human science ..."

"Humans are animals too. The only animals that don't
consider themselves animals."

"What I mean is, you know about a lot of
stuff---psychology, sociology, philosophy ..."

De-Shi made a brushing sound, perhaps he had turned his
head toward me. "These abstract subjects attract me.
Deep, impractical stuff. It's weird, like if you talk to
me about cars or soccer, I'll yawn until my jaw snaps,
but if you get me started on the nature of the soul or
happiness, I can go on for hours. It's almost like an
obsession."

"Is this why you know so much about these topics?"

"That's right," De-Shi said. "Obsession leads to
knowledge. Because if you're obsessed with a subject,
you'll come back to it again and again, until it becomes
a part of you---something as natural as breathing."

"I wonder what my obsessions are right now," I mulled
aloud. "Death? Suicide? If those are the ones I'm
breathing, I'll get lung disease for sure."

I waited for a laugh, or at least a general remark.
Nothing arrived. Had De-Shi fallen asleep? Yeah,
probably. It'd been a long night after all.

Lying back down, I thought about what he had said about
happiness. Actually, I wasn't that unhappy anymore. I no
longer had this constant, two-ton pressure in my chest.
Or this black cloud that hovered over me wherever I
went. It had disappeared. Disappeared from my mind's
firmament.

I faced the bed sheet again. No doubt: De-Shi had been a
big part of this rebirth. Which also explained my terror
of losing him back at the cliff. Without him, I didn't
know how I'd go on living---how I'd find the strength to
continue investigating animal suicides. De-Shi, I
realized, had become the major driving force in my
existence. The motor that propelled this broken old car.

My heart racing, I wriggled to the edge of the bed and
slid my hand down under bed sheet, searching for
De-Shi's hand. "Hold onto it when it comes," he'd said.
I fumbled for a few minutes until I finally found it,
smooth and warm, sprawled on the cold surface of the
floor. I gave it a light squeeze. No response. Was he
really asleep? Or just pretending to be? If I wanted to
know the truth, I could ask him.

But I didn't.

Funny, I had no problems with the idea of killing
myself, but when it came to love, I was a complete
coward.

* * *

^^Telling De-Shi my feelings^^ wasn't the only thing
that scared me that night. I had a nightmare. No, not
just a nightmare: it was more real, more grotesque.

A figure lurked outside the window, swaying from side to
side, casting a menacing shadow across the floor. Mr.
Wu, maybe? Checking if De-Shi and I were doing something
"interesting"? I watched for a while. No, the shape
didn't belong to a human; it had an oversized head with
long ears and horns. No brows, no nose bridge. Its eyes
faced forward rather than sideways, like that of
a---cow. Yes, that's what it was! But a cow wouldn't be
able to reach a window this high, unless standing on its
hind legs.

That was exactly the case.

As if waiting for food to arrive, the cow had its front
hooves perched on the window sill, its torso perfectly
erect.

Almost by reflex, I tried to do the same. Straighten up.
However, my arms and legs didn't budge. Neck. No use. I
could only move my eyes. Quickly, I searched for
De-Shi, but the bed sheet blocked him from my view.
Dammit. Maybe safety wasn't the best policy all the
time.

I looked at the cow again. This time I spotted a hole in
the middle of its right ear, the shape and size of a
coin. It couldn't be---it was the cow number 024, the
one with the missing ear tag. I screamed. But it was
useless; the screech stayed in my throat and then,
slowly, died away. Trapped. I had no choice but to watch
the cow as its body, like a pendulum, kept swinging and
swinging. As its expressionless face burned inch by
inch, minute by minute, into the recesses of my mind.

Was this the *darkness* De-Shi had talked about?
