## 9.

^^I didn't see the^^ cow leave the window. At some
point, as I watched it, my eyes gave in and I drifted
into a dark dreamless sleep. Or I should say, woke up?

I told De-Shi about that frightening episode the next
morning, and together we checked around the cabin for
hoofprints, feces, or tufts of hair. We found nothing.
De-Shi assured me it had been a dream, that he and Cath
had also had one on their first outing. He'd dreamed
about a ghost bull. Cath about a vampire duck. Okay,
maybe I had to believe De-Shi, since he had more
experience in the matter. But how did he explain the
missing ear tag? That's right. We couldn't find it; it'd
vanished from De-Shi's backpack. So, in the end, we left
the Flying Cow Ranch with nothing but the experience.
One that haunted me even after I went back to Keelung to
visit my mom.

I was ruminating on these thoughts when the doorknob
jiggled.

"Am I interrupting?" Mom said, barging in.

"Jeez, Mom. You'll give me a heart attack one of these
days."

"I'm sorry." She came over and plopped down on the bed,
making my head bounce on the pillow. "So, how was the
farm?"

"Good. Many cute animals." *Also dead ones*, I wanted to
add.

"Sounds fun," Mom said. "Oh, that's right. A little bird
told me you met a boy in that club."

"Hey, how did you---? Oh, never mind." The aerobic
dancing class.

Blushing, she asked, "You two haven't done any, uh,
'dirty' activities together, right?"

"Mom, we're just friends."

"Because it's not right ... before marriage."

"Come on," I said with a groan, "it's the 21st century.
Kids nowadays start even in high school. And besides,
you had me *before* marriage."

"That's---different. It was an accident."

"Right, you 'accidentally' had sex with Dad."

"Don't use that language!" Mom could be really
old-fashioned and conservative at times. Even common
words freaked her out. "Anyhow, I was talking about the
day you were conceived. As for *that* other thing, it
happened when I still didn't have the Lord in me. When I
didn't possess His light. And so I *misbehaved* from
time to time. But well, that's all past now. The
important thing is that your Father and I loved each
other, and that you were the product of that love."

I nodded, and once again I tried picturing my dad. But I
got the same result: a man's silhouette sitting in a
living room, hollow, as if its content had been cut out
with a utility knife. Mom had shown me photos of him.
Still, I couldn't think of him as my dad. She might as
well have been showing me pictures of an actor I didn't
know, insisting that I must have seen him somewhere.

Mom continued, "It's a wonderful experience---having a
child. You'll understand once you have your own."

"I don't see the point of having them." I smoothed out
my bear pajamas. "They'll grow old and die anyway. And
then there's everything they have to endure in between:
loneliness, heartbreak, sickness. Why not spare them the
pain? Why let them never be born?"

"Li-Mei, don't be so pessimistic," Mom said, drawing her
eyebrows together. "Try to see the colorful side of
life."

"Did you know if you mix all the colors, you get bla---"

"See what I mean?"

Mom was right, but I had a point too; there was more
darkness than light in the world. More sadness than joy.
That's why we created art, entertainment, religion---to
escape from our suffering, or at least to try to make
sense of it.

Mom grabbed my hand and pulled me out of my warm
blanket, leaving me face down on the bed. "Come with me,
sweetie. I want to give you something." She was always
dragging me around, bumping me into walls and furniture.
Thank God I didn't grow up with brain damage.

"It's not another of your experimental muffins, right?"
I asked, still breathing cotton sheets. "Because my
stomach hasn't recovered from the last one."

Mom chuckled. "No, it's more important than that." With
my pajamas mopping the floor, she dragged me from my
room to hers. My job lately: following people around.

We stopped in front of Mom's antique wardrobe, a gift
from one of my aunts. Built with only one door, it
resembled a standing coffin. I always wondered how she
and Dad could have slept in the same room with that
thing.

With the help of a chair, Mom reached up to the top of
the wardrobe and pulled down a small wooden box---so
grubby and dusty I almost blew off my nose sneezing.
How long had she kept that box up there? Since the
beginning of time?

"I was saving it for your twentieth birthday, but I
think you're already mature enough to have it."

I squinted at the box. "It's not my umbilical stump,
right?"

"No, sweetie," she said with a radiant smile. "Open up
and see."

I received the box and held it my hands. Weighed almost
nothing, a hollowness that made me wonder whether it
contained anything at all. I flipped open its latch and
peered inside. A gold tooth?

"It belonged to your great-great-grandmother," Mom said
proudly, as if introducing a famous sculpture. "It's
been passed down from generation to generation by the
women of our family."

"Gosh, why didn't she leave something more conventional?
Like a ring or a strand of hair?"

"Your great-great-grandmother was a bit eccentric."

"I see." Now I knew how far back our family craziness
went.

"She loved gold," she explained. "Not because of its
value, but because she believed it held the secret of
immortality. As you might know, gold never rusts. Never
fades. So at the age of seventy, she had all her teeth
replaced with gold ones. Her theory was similar to Qin
Shi Huang's. You learned about him at school, right? The
emperor who wanted to achieve immortality by ingesting
mercury pills."

"Yup, and the pills killed him instead."

"That's right." Mom picked mascara clumps off her
eyelashes. One of her habits. "Your
great-great-grandmother suffered the same fate. Also
because of mercury poisoning. Now, a gold tooth doesn't
have much mercury, but she had a mouth full of them! It
finally traveled through her blood system, accumulating
in her brain, heart, lungs, everywhere. God, it must
have been horrible." She paused for breath. "It's
ironic. The very thing that killed her was also the only
thing that remained of her. I guess that's why we pass
the tooth along: to remind us that our ancestors aren't
completely gone."

"Okay, thanks." I peeked at the gold tooth again. It
lay in the bottom of the box like a sad little beetle.
"Wait, what happened to the rest?"

"They were looted by grave robbers---except this one;
they couldn't pull it out. Isn't that evil? Stealing an
old woman's teeth!"

I gave her a nod. "Guess this brings a new meaning to
the phrase 'gold mining'."

Mom went off to prepare dinner, so I returned to my
room. Once on my bed, I took the gold tooth out of its
box and held it up to the ceiling light. My
great-great-grandmother had died in her attempt to
become immortal, like many others throughout history.
Emperors, dictators, merchants, scientists, they all
drowned in the sea of their obsession. But say they had
achieved their goal and became immortal. What good would
that have been? Qin Shi Huang would have continued
enlisting slaves to build his crazy tomb; Hitler would
have continued piling up Jews until they formed a
massive mountain; my great-great-grandmother would
have---well, I had no idea, but judging from her
wackiness, surely nothing good.

And the question also applied to us: why become
immortal? To eat at McDonald's until cows go extinct? To
buy clothes and electronics until our houses explode? To
fill the Earth with plastic bags, bottles, and metal
junk until they fly to its orbit? Maybe it was a good
thing we didn't live forever; maybe leaving temples,
monuments, statues, and gold teeth was more than enough.
And of course, even better if we left nothing at all.

Okay, enough thinking.

I put the tooth inside the jewelry box, switched off, the light, and then my eyes. I had to stop thinking about these things. Thinking about death too much never did good to anyone.

Just I was about to take the ticket to dreamland, my phone rang. I looked at the phone. De-Shi. My heart pumped a bit---but decided to remain calm. Or at least pretend I was calm.

"You, know what time it is?" I blurted out.

"Yeah, nine p.m. Don't tell me you sleep at this time ..."

"Hey, it's tiring to follow dead cows through the forest you know?"

"Sorry, I admit it wasn't a relaxing trip. But I can make it up for you tomorrow."

"Tomorrow?" I said, sitting up from my pillow. "What's happening tomorrow?"

"Well, I have an invitation for you."

"What for what?"

"Wanna go to the Taipei Zoo?"

I frowned at the darkness in front of me. "The zoo? What for?"

"It's a surprise, you'll find out if you accept to come."

"Ah! These are you little dating tricks, right?"

"Yeah, I'm all a pick-up artist. "

De-Shi and agreed to meet tomorrow at two to go to the Taipei. After that I hung up the phone, my heart beating slightly. My hands sweaty. Damn, love was so annoying.

What did De-Shi want in the zoo? Or it was actually a date? No, he was too funky and geeky for that. But what else could it be? 
