The next day, I arrived thirty minutes earlier---the time I calculated that I needed to calm down my nerves. A date. Because of that I dressed to fit the occasion: shirt, skirt, I even wore pendants and even put on lipstip and eyeliner---something that I haven't done since---ever. Not because I didn't like it or because I looked good without it. It was just that I was a little allergic to it. Sometimes it made my skin red and my eyes puffed up. De-Shi would pay if he didn't like it!

Couples and families walked the cream brick steps. And took photos between the giraffe-shaped streetlamps and the turtle-shaped rocks. The air was stifling. But now and then, a cold breeze would blow to our direction, and feel how good cold feels when it's hot.

De-Shi was punctual, he arrived exactly at two---not a second more or a second less. He ambled toward my direction with his T-shirt and ragged denim jeans. Oh, my.

"Wow," he said stopping in front of me. "Li-Mei is that you?"

"Very funny," I said trying to hide my blush---knowing that there wasn't any thing here that would be able to hide it.

"Why are you dressed like for a prom dance?"

"I---" *Think fast, think fast,* "came back from a friends' weeding."

"A weeding in the morning?"

"Yeah." *Dammit.* "They couple are---morning people."

"I see," De-Shi said smiling. "Let's go in, bridesmaid."

As we went to the entrance to buy or tickets I asked De-Shi, "Okay so are you telling me what we are doing here?"

De-Shi retrieved his ticket from a old lady. "Isn't obvious? We're coming to the zoo."

"Oh yes, to feed elephants peanuts."

"You can do that if you want to ..."

"C'mon my time's precious I can't waste it in your little games."

"You know," De-Shi said, "it might be easier to fight tiger to go out with you."

"Then go get your tiger. I'm leaving."

"All right, all right. No need for violence." De-Shi laughed and crossed the ticket counter. "Remember when I told you back at the farm that I had a *source*?"

I rewound my foggy memory. "Yes, your animal suicide private detective."

"Well, he's here. I come to visit him from time to time. He got some info for me today too."

"Oh,  I see," I said, wondering what kind of person this *source* was. A animal suicide tracker that worked in a zoo?

As we crossed the cavern-shaped gate and made our way into the path that led to the first section the Koala chambers. Circular endless stairs that---well, seemed endless. Funny. We've brought animals to such exctintion that we have to make lines to see them now. Victims of our own stupidity.

I turned to look at De-Shi who was looking at the Koalas with a childish smile. Yeah, I had to admit I was kind of disappointed. That it wasn't a date. And I was embarrased and humilliated. And now I was waiting in a big line. Despite all of that, I felt happy of being in a *normal* occassion with De-Shi. One that wasn't to be in an animal suicide club or chasing dead cows. I wondered if deep inside I wished to be normal, do normal things---no, even if I wanted to that wasn't possible. You can't live a normal life again after having attempted suicide.

"A long line," De-Shi as though he were talking about the weather.

"Yeah," I said staring at the endless line in front of me. We looked like ants. "Shouldn't we be meeting your friend instead of---making the line to see koalas?"

"Take it easy. The guy is still busy. He'll call me when he's done. I came earlier just figure out it would do you good to see live animals intead of death ones. "

I turned to check the koalas. One of them was hugging a trees and chewing for so long I thought its jaw would fall off. They looked so quiet, so peaceful. But were they happy? Possibly, since they had less neourons to form the synatsis of pain, sorrow. Or maybe I was wrong?

 "Well, now that we have time." I turned to him. "Tell, me about the outings. What are they?"

Instead of replying De-Shi said. "Do you know, what's the best answer when someone asks you---what's the book about?"

I shook my head. "What?"

"The best answer is to tell theem to read the book. That's the only way you can tell somebody what's the book is about."

"Okay, I supposed this is one of those it's-like-that analogies."

"Yeah, sorry for being so cliched."

I let out sigh. "Okay, then let's talk about something else."

"Like what?" De-Shi asked.

"Like about y-you?" I said trying to not to stammer with---naturally---made it worse.

"What does the lady want to know about me?" De-Shi said mockingly. "There isn't much. I study animal science. Senior. And I'm the founder of a club about suicidal animals."

"How did you get interested in animals?" I asked, since I knew he didn't want to talk about his interest in suicidal ones.

De-Shi thought about this. "Actually, we are all *interested* in animals. Simply because we *are* animals. It's just that some people don't know yet, or refuse to accept it." He stepped a few steps to the front. "But I don't know. I guess it's this innocence and wildnest that they have. Like a newborn. Which is not to say that they are completely innocent. Some are made to kill."

I looked at the koala. The furthest thing to a killing machine. "Yeah, like ... many people say: "Oh, no the shark didn't mean it. But what do they know? Maybe the shark really meant it. He *really* wanted to get a taste of your leg."

"Exactly ..." De-Shi said. "How about you? Why did you get interested in foreign languages."

"Well, I'm not exactly *interested*. I have very bad reasons actually. One, it's because it was the thing I disliked the less. And two, because my mother picked the same path."

"Well," De-Shi said. "Picking the less worse path is something the best decision." He led me out of the koala cage. "Anyway, Spanish. That's kind of unusual. Why did she pick Spanish?"

"Well, because she has Spanish blood."

De-Shi widened his eyes. "You're half Spanish?"

I shook my head. "More like one-twelveth. Like my grand-grand---well, multiplied-for-twelve-grand paren-grand parent."

"Well," De-Shi said. "That's explain your slightly brown hair."

I nodded. "A drop of natural dye."

"And explains the reason your mother wants to learn Spanish---to get back to her roots."

I nodded again. "The pay isn't good, though."

"I can imagine," De-Shi said. "She has to compete with foreigners. Survival of the fittest."

"Yeah," I said, watching at the lying leons on the savana-themed cage. "Sometimes I think, animals have it easiers---well, at least these. They don't have to fight for food or anything like that."

"Well," De-Shi said. "Maybe they have to fight for their sanity."

I turned to him. "Do you think they get depressed?"

De-Shi nodded. "Actually they do. Animals get depression. Specially those in cages. "

"Wow, because they're being locked up?"

De-Shi nodded. "Funny thing is, the exact *same* thing happen to us. We are wired to be outside---in the sun, in the forest. Our society has evolved fast but not our genes. So, you're more likely to get depression if you locked in a small cage for many hours."

"Cubibles," I said.

De-Shi nodded again. "That's why someone baptized depression as the new urban disease."

"So that means that ... the primitive tribes that live in the forest have less depression."

"The same guy made a study ... and found only *one* case."

I nodded, wondering if I had depression. No, depression made you want to do nothing. That never happened to me. Even in my worse time, I was actively doing something, like trying to kill myself. What I had was more like an ongoing accepted dispair. I wondered if there was a cure or treatment for that.

I turned to De-Shi. He was leaning on the railing smiling at the pinguins who took turns to dive in the snow. And for a moment, for a millisecond, I felt a diminute spark of happiness. Should I tell De-Shi this? Should I tell De-Shi that *indeed* we could have a date?

"Hey, De-Shi ..."

"Oh, sorry. Someone's calling," he said and buried his hand on his pocket. He retrieved a black mobile. He said hello and listened for a moment nodding.

Finally, he dug the mobile back to the pocket and said, "It's my *source*. He's done with job." He turned to me. "What did you want to say?"

I let out a sigh. "No, nothing important." *Just a silly girl wanting to express her silly feelings.*

We left the lion's cage and walked until we found ourselves in the kangaroos cage. There were three of them. Not jumping, but just lying around like a a group of drunks. These *did* look depressed.

And standing inside, was a guy with a Steve Irvin-kid of clothes---a gray boy scout shirts and short pants of the same color. He had jet-black hair and a earring. It was the first time that I saw a zookeeper with a earring.

"Hey, De-Shi," he said, coming over and leaning on the cage. A kangaroo came over to lick his boots. "Seems like you got a date."

I blushed. "Well, we're not really ..."

"Yeah, I cheated her on this," he said to him with a wink. "I told her it was an outing. You know, my strategy."

I turned to De-Shi. "He also knows about the outings?"

"Of course," De-Shi said. "Ming's an ex-member."

I gaped at the guy, Ming. Oh, so he was also member of the Animal Suicide club. Wait, *ex*?

"So what happened? Why did you quit?"

"It's a long story," Ming said. "But cut it short, let's say that I just couldn't keep on *going* anymore. I---well, you'll find out by yourself."

"Come on, don't scary the lady," De-Shi said.

"But you still helping the club?"

Ming nodded, wiping his nose with his latex---slightly brown---gloves. "Yeah, I felt bad for leaving, so I decided to still contributting my crumbs."

De-Shi nodded. "The guy's a hacker. Computer Science department. He can get any info even from Mars. And as you know, animal suicide isn't a very known topic in the web or anywhere. So you need someone to dig deep. Yeah, I could ask him about that online, but I prefer to visit an old friend."

I nodded, finally realizing who had told De-Shi about the suicidal cows.

"So what you got for me this time, buddy?" De-Shi said.

Instead of answering, Ming pulled out an A4 paper with something that looked like the page of a website. *Literarily* a web page and handed it to De-Shi.

I neared closer to take a look. In big yellow letters was the title of an article.

"Dog suicide bridge?" De-Shi and I blurted out at the same time.

The guy nodded, smiling. "It isn't anything confidential or anything. But the site sucked so much and had so few views that you had to dig into the deepest of search results to get it."

We nodded at Ming and then looked back at the piece of paper.

What the hell was the Dog Suicide Bridge?
