## 10.

We drove to my second outing that same weekend. This time with Cath, which was both scary and exciting at the same time. I hadn't seen her since our "friendly" encounter at the club. Truth be told, I wanted to know more about her. Why did she join the club? Why did she drink so much? Why did she dress up as if for Halloween?

As we drove. De-Shi told me about the Dog Suicide Bridge. It had became famous for exactly what the name implied---since 1970 there had been more than forty recorded cases of dogs leaping off the bridge. As if that wasn't strange enough, those that survived would try a second time! Guess you have only one chance to live your life but many to end it.

I'd heard about this mystery before, but let it pass---partly because I regarded it as an urban legend; something to tell kids around a campfire. But mainly because of my fear of dogs. Now that I had company, though, coming here felt less intimidating.

"Are we there now?" Cath said yawning and stretching from her nap.

De-Shi left the wheels for a moment and stared at the lines of pines passing to his left. "Maybe almost."

"More like maybe never," Cath groaned. "I already asked like nine times!"

"What's a lot is not the road but the times you've asked. Be patient, driving up a mountain isn't supposed to be fast."

"You couldn't find nearer animal suicide case? You know, I hate driving for long."

"You hate everything except alcohol," De-Shi winked at me.

I smiled weakely, making a mental note of note of never annoying Grumpy Cat.

We continued driving. After crossing several slopes and tree-lined trails, the trees finally began to recede and slowly, bit by bit, a white silluhette began to appear from behind the pines and the somewhat trimmed hedges. It took me a moment to recognize it. Tall and towering.

 The house were the Suicide Bridge led.

 De-Shi said the house was constructed during the Dutch occupation by an admiral that had resolved to settle in Taiwan. It was gigantic. Enough to accommodate two or three families. Maybe Westerners needed more space than the average person? It looked like a castle: crenelated roof, lancet windows, cylindrical towers with crosses on top. Swamp green bricks---or at least that was their color now, probably the work of centuries and centuries of moss and corrosion. They gave the house an eerie feeling, and I suddenly wished we'd come earlier. Why did all the outings have to be during the night?

"Are you sure we can go in?" I peeked over the bulky bushes in front of us.

"It's okay," De-Shi said. "We'll hang around the bridge, not the actual residence. Besides, no one's lived here for the past hundred years."

"Maybe she's scared of the ghost dogs." Cath munched her tuna rice ball.

"There are ghost dogs?" I yelped.

De-Shi let out a sigh. "What's scarier? ghosts or girls?"

To get to the bridge, we had to swim past through the bushes. De-Shi went in first (to make sure there was no danger ahead), then Cath (after getting fed up with my hesitation). Finding myself alone, I followed.

As soon as I reached to the other side, I opened my eyes---and there it was. The Dog Suicide Bridge. It had the same European style as the country house, the same semi-circular arches and tower-like structures. It even had the same greenish moss, which partially covered its surface and reached to the ground below---a maze of ferns, dried shrubs, and muddy grass. No stream. Only a collection of small ponds.

I went to the side of the bridge and pointed my flashlight down. A two-story fall, I estimated. Not incredibly high, but high enough to kill a person. Or a dog.

And sure enough there they were: hundreds of dog carcasses. Everywhere---in the bushes, on the grass, under the bridge. And in all kinds of states; from fresh specimens with protruding guts, to remains consisting of skulls and bones. A dreadful sight. And the worst thing was the smell. The smell of dead dogs.

I gagged, dropping to my knees.

"You okay, Hanging Pup?" De-Shi came to my side and placed his hand on my back. I nodded in reply.

Cath pinched her nose. "Hounds of hellish stench!"

We stared at the grotesque scene for a while.

"So now what?" I asked.

"I'll go down," De-Shi said, fumbling in his backpack. The climbing equipment again. "That's where the dogs are jumping to, so the answer to the mystery must lie there." He turned to us. "You guys stay here. In case one of our canine friends shows up."

"Please be careful." I gripped De-Shi's arm, blushing.

He smiled. "Don't worry. I'm a mountaineer, remember?"

"Watch out for dog shit," Cath said. "Don't slip and break your neck."

De-Shi tied the rope around one of the towers' teeth. Next, he put on his equipment and, after giving the rope a few tugs, descended the bridge. When Cath and I peered down he was already standing on the ground, as small as a rock, showing us an "okay" sign. He then unfastened his harness and disappeared under the bridge. Why did he have to jump into every hole he came across?

"Let's wait." Cath sat on the bridge's concrete barrier and fished out a bottle of Jack Daniel's from her purse. "It'll take him a while."

Right, it'd been an eternity last time.

I sat next to Cath, keeping a few inches of distance between us. Fortunately, the broadness of the barrier prevented me from feeling vertigo.

Being alone with Cath felt awkward. And intimidating. Especially with her look tonight: black top hat, rainbow scarf, maroon jacket with matching pants. White-powdered face. She reminded me of the Mad Hatter. She didn't look like a man, of course. Cath could look sexy in anything; she could wear a potato sack and still turn heads. I envied her for that. As for me, I looked boyish even in a bikini.

"Hey, Pup." Cath waved her bottle at me. "Want some?"

"Okay." It was a good chance to socialize with her.

Leaning over, I received the bottle and took a couple of sips. It made me cough. I enjoyed the sensation nonetheless; warm and comforting, like the embrace of a lover. I still felt tense, though. Because of Cath. For some reason, she still made me nervous. Maybe it was her fierce personality; like she would jump and bite me if I irritated her.

But since we belonged to the same club now, I had to learn how to get along with her, even if that meant risking a few scratches.

"Uh, so," I said, trying to mask my nervousness, which only made it worse, "why d-do you t-think---?"

Cath scowled at me. "What?"

"W-why do you t-think the dogs---?"

"Can you please stop stuttering?"

"I'm s-s-sorry."

Cath groaned and took a gulp of whiskey. Oh no, I pissed her off! I wished De-Shi would come back and rescue me. What was taking him so long? Was he planning to sleep under the bridge?

Luckily, she remained calm. "There are two theories. One based on the supernatural and the other on science. Which one ya want?"

"Ghost stories scare me, so I pick---"

"Okay, supernatural." She grinned, thinning her blood-red lips.

I closed my eyes in defeat. I had to be more careful with Cath in the future.

"The locals think the bridge is haunted," she started. "A teenager who got pregnant threw her baby from it---but regretted it at the last second so jumped and died too. It happened in 1970. The same year the dog suicides began. And so, they think the dogs are being possessed by the mother's spirit, who's attempting to save her baby over and over. Unaware that they're both already dead."

I gaped at Cath. "Do you believe it?"

"I think it's a bunch of crap."

"Oh."

"Ghosts were believable a hundred years ago. But now with all the advances in technology---heck, people can share a photo on the Internet in less than a second. Isn't it strange we don't see them uploading pictures of spirits everyday? All we see are photos of their food, their faces, and their dumb kids. I think that's scarier than ghosts."

"Maybe you're right," I said, feeling a bit guilty. I used to share pictures of my lunch on a daily basis. Good thing reason kicked in and I stopped doing it.

Cath passed me the Jack Daniel's, and I took a big mouthful.

"What's the other theory?" I handed the bottle back, coughing. "The scientific one?"

"A researcher found that there's a strong scent of weasel urine under the bridge. That seems to be attracting the dogs."

"So much they're willing to die?" I asked.

"The bridge gives the dogs the illusion that it's on the ground. It's because of their height. You'll see what I mean if you put yourself at their eye level."

With a nod, I jumped off my seat and crouched down. Indeed, from this angle the bridge looked like a garden path, mainly because of the vines and flowers that grew along and connected it to the land. Moreover, the pines trees lining both sides---as thick and dense as smoke screens---completely hid the ground below. Anyone would have thought it was an ingenious trap.

As soon as I stood up again, however, the bridge came back. It dawned on me that humans and animals see the world differently, and that little details can mean the difference between life and death.

Well, that explained the suicides. But not fully: what made the dogs jump a second time?

I went back to sit with Cath. As I gazed at the moon hanging silently overhead, a question came to me, one that it'd been swirling in my mind for a while.

"Cath?" I whispered.

"What's up?"

"Why did you join the Animal Suicide Club?"

For the first time, Cath stared at me uneasily, eyes frozen, teeth slightly exposed---the face of prey that's considering whether to fight or flight. Who was the predator? Me? No, I didn't pose any threat. It had to be another animal. One that lurked in the recesses of her mind.

Cath sipped from the bottle, then wiped her glistening lips. I thought she would say "mind your own business" or something like that. But no, instead she asked, "You want the short version or the long version?"

"Long," I replied. "I think we have time."

"Yeah." She peered down at the ground. "Guess De-Shi's still messing with the dead dogs."

And so Cath began sharing her tale. Which turned out to be grimmer than I'd expected.
