## 11.

"^^First, I need to^^ tell you something about myself."
Cath took off her Mad Hatter hat and clamped it between
her knees. "I suffer from migraines." 

"Migraines?" I blurted out.

"Yeah, and I'm not talking about sissy throbbings, but
really strong hammerings---so strong, they sometimes
make me wanna split my head open and scoop my brains
out." Cath tapped her temple with her red pointy nails.
"As if that wasn't bad enough, they usually go on for
days, which is more than enough to drive you crazy."

"But I've never seen you in pain ..."

Cath lifted her gleaming bottle.

"Oh," I said, "but I thought alcohol made migraines
worse."

"For most people." Cath scratched her perfectly shaped
ear. "For me, it relieves the pain. True, it gives me
stomaches now and then, but sometimes you gotta trade
one pain for another."

"Isn't it dangerous to drink so much? I heard it's like
a slow death."

"That's what life is, Pup." Cath drank her whiskey, then
stared at the remaining contents. "A slow death."

"Did you always have migraines? I asked.

"People aren't born having migraines," Cath explained,
"but can develop them at any age. For me it was in
high-school---with my first period. Wanna hear about
it?"

I gave her a quick nod.

"I was at school at the time, teaching a lesson to a
douche who had called me a dyke; my knee pinned his
arms, while I punched him repeatedly on the face. And I
would have continued if it wasn't for what I saw next.
Blood. Lots of it, turning the guy's shirt into a gory
Japanese flag. At first I thought it'd come from the
guy's nose---but no, he didn't have any red on his face,
just black and blue. And then, it hit me. My period. Our
teacher had talked to us about it so I remained calm.
Only one thing puzzled me: I didn't feel the blood at
all, or any pain or discomfort. I might as well have
been sprayed with mud by a passing car. *The frenzy of
the fight,* I thought. What else could have been?

"I was thinking about this when I felt it in my head. It
started out as a mild tingling, which grew stronger and
stronger, until it became a tightening cramp. Like the
walls of my skull were closing in, squeezing my brain.
Finally, I lost my strength and crumbled to the floor,
while everything faded: my body, my thoughts, my
surroundings. Everything except that horrible pain."

I gaped at Cath. "So, I suppose you lost the fight."

She nodded. "And then my consciousness. K.O. When I
opened my eyes, I was in the hospital, where I stayed
for the next couple of days. The doctors wanted to know
more about my blackout---and the headaches that I'd
started experiencing. On the third day, they gave me the
diagnosis. Migraines. I told them I didn't have those.
The doctor in charge said, 'I'm afraid you'll have them
from now on. But please don't worry. They can be managed
with treatment.'

"Mine, however, couldn't be *managed*. Later the doctors
found that my migraines were a rare case; they didn't
respond to painkillers, antidepressants, or any kind of
pills. We even tried spa and massage---they didn't do
shit. Neither meditation or Traditional Chinese
Medicine. I had no choice but accept it. For my periods
I could buy pads, but for my migraines there was nothing
I could do."

With a little jump, holding her hat, Cath got off the
barrier. She then paced to the middle of the bridge, the
only part devoid of moss.

"The migraines followed me to university," she said,
still pacing. "They had become so intense by then I
could barely go to class. But even when I succeeded, it
was useless since I couldn't hear anything. The voice of
the professor, the chatter of my classmates, they were
nothing but a blur of noise. Thousands of tiny needles
poking into my brain. Then, for some reason, the light
seemed ten times brighter. Looking at everything in the
room---the tables, the walls, the whiteboard---blinded
me, like the sun.

"Because of this, and because I called in sick most
days, I failed my courses. All of them. However, I could
still keep up with the classes by reading and doing the
exercises at home. Hell, I could finish a report in less
than an hour when I didn't have my migraines.

"I explained this to my professors---that my problem
wasn't performance, but time. They helped me at first;
they disregarded my attendance record, postponed my
tests and presentations. But that could only go on for a
year. 'We apologize,' they said, 'but this *assistance*
has a limit. We would to like stretch it, but
unfortunately, we have to adhere to the rules and
regulations. Perhaps you should consider joining a
*specialized* school.' And that was their last word."

"So you tried that?" I asked. "A school for, uh, the
physically challenged?"

Cath shook her head. "I'd lost my motivation to study."

"So you became a bum?" I joked, trying to lighten the
mood.

"I became depressed."

"Oh."

Cath turned around with a sullen face. "And it became
worse with time; I lost the will to pursue anything---my
hobbies, my career, my dream of working with big cats in
Africa. So, in the end, I decided to not only drop out
of university, but to drop out of life."

My heart thumped. "Don't tell me you---?"

Cath nodded. "I decided to jump off a building. To end
it all."

Right then, something in me stirred, something like a
bed of leaves in an old backyard. So Cath also---

"I chose the Animal Science building." She took a step
toward me. "One, because I studied there, so I was
familiar with the place." Another step. "Two, because I
had the key card there, so I could sneak in during the
night.

"And that's precisely what I did; I entered the
building, took the elevator to the rooftop, and crawled
over to the other side of the railing. Then, after
looking around the campus for the last time, I closed my
eyes and I jumped. No doubts. No hesitation. Not an
ounce of fear in me. What terrified me wasn't to die,
but to keep on living."

Cath leaped onto the barrier, one hand clutching her Mad
Hatter hat, the other hovering over my head, for
balance.

I flinched, afraid she would repeat her deadly stunt.

But no; she carried on with her story. "I fell, and
fell, and kept falling, until *bam*! I hit the ground.
The impact made my forehead burn, my eardrums ring, my
consciousness scatter into tiny pieces." 

"Wait, and you didn't die?" Ugh, dumbest question ever.

"No. I'd hit the damn entrance canopy. I'd totally
forgotten the building had one! Maybe it was the
adrenaline, or the rush to die. Either way, I had
failed. I had failed to kill myself. And it couldn't
have been worse: not only I was still alive, but I was
now stuck on a roof, my ribs and arms and legs probably
broken. Everything hurt---except my head. The migraines
had vanished. What a joke!"

"But could you still move?"

"Not a finger. I could just lie there, stare at the
ocean of stars above me. They were particularly bright
that night, shining on me as if wanting to display my
failure to the world. Fortunately, there was no one
around to see me. Or at least that's what I thought.

"It started like a faded echo. As I kept listening to
it, it slowly grew into a guy's voice. 'Hey,' it said.
'You alright?' With my last bit of energy, I twisted my
neck and replied, 'What d'you think? Just threw myself
off a roof.'"

Cath looked down the bridge, still clutching her Mad
Hatter hat. "A few minutes passed. Then all of a sudden,
I heard something brushing the wall, followed by the
scraping of shoes. The guy was coming down with a rope
or something like that. Once on the canopy, he knelt by
my side and asked me if anything hurt. 'Everything', I
said. The guy told me to be patient; he'd already called
the ambulance and they were on their way. I gave him a
grunt. By then I didn't care if help came. In fact, I
didn't know what I wanted anymore. Part of me wished to
be rescued, the other part wished to die right there."

"Wait, he didn't help you up?" I asked. "Just left you
lying on the floor like a rag?"

"Never move an injured person. You can break a bone."

"Oh, right ..."

"And the guy knew that, so he left me where I was.
Uncomfortable, yeah. But at least I could see his face.

"It was De-Shi, a senior I shared a few classes with. I
didn't know much about him---just that he was the
president of this weird club my classmates were talking
about but that none of them wanted to join. Something
about dead animals. The university had told him to move
the club out of the campus, so he had probably stayed
late doing that.

Cath crouched like a gargoyle.

"I thought he would lecture me about what I'd done. Why
suicide wasn't the answer. But no, instead he talked
about---squirrels! Can you believe it? With someone who
just attempted suicide. He'd spotted one hopping on a
tree nearby and began, like the host of an Animal Planet
show, to tell me stuff about them. In the end I thought,
*Whatever*. I had nothing better to do, and I couldn't
get up and walk away. So I gave in and listened,
feeling my migraines return.

"He told me about how squirrels collect and store nuts
for the winter. Nothing unusual. What's interesting is
that sometimes they forget where they bury them. Cute,
but odd if you think about it. Why did nature give a
flawed skill to an animal? Why waste its time? The
answer is that nature creates imperfection. Y'know why?"

I shook my head. I'd always thought nature produced
refined gears.

"Okay, think of a beach with pebbles and crab holes in
the sand. The pebbles are constantly being dragged down
by waves, occasionally falling inside the holes. Now,
these 'selected' pebbles aren't necessarily smoother or
more symmetrical than the rest. No, it's just that they
have the *right* shape for a particular hole. Same with
squirrels. Their ability to recover their nuts isn't
perfect, just good enough to let the squirrels fall into
a *hole*, to let them make it through the winter."

I'd never thought about nature that way. Imperfection.
Was that the reason allergies, cancers, syndromes, and
other genetic disorders existed? What about death?

"But that's a very depressing thought," I mused. "That
means organisms are just broken machines. Including us."

"Maybe," Cath admitted. "De-Shi didn't see it that way,
though. On the contrary, he found it amazing how
squirrels planted all these trees without even knowing
it. How because of their little mistakes, they rebuilt
parks, forests, jungles---the homes of countless plants
and animals. How because of that tiny defect, they took
part in something immensely big: protecting the Earth, a
planet belonging to a solar system, to a galaxy, to a
vast and ever-expanding universe."

After a shocked silence, I asked, "Did he say more?"

"Nah, the ambulance came and took me to the hospital.
De-Shi's words, however, kept echoing inside
me---because of what they implied. True, like the
squirrels, I was imperfect, and I would probably always
live in pain. But that didn't make my existence
worthless; there was still space for amazing things to
happen. For the rain to fall. For the sun to shine. For
trees and beautiful forests to grow."

Cath beamed up at the sky, as though greeting a
long-lost friend.

"De-Shi's words changed me," she continued with a warm
voice. "More than any speech I'd ever heard. That's why
from then on I decided to stick with him, even after I
recovered and he didn't have to visit me at the hospital
anymore. Even after I left university. So you see, my
intention wasn't to join the world of animal suicide,
but to join De-Shi's. And that's where I want to stay.
Until the day I die for real." With that, as if
finishing a graduation speech, Cath hopped down the
barrier and came back to her seat. 

After listening to her story, my chest felt tight,
heavy. But why? It had a happy ending, didn't it?

No, I knew the reason. "So you and De-Shi---?"

"You think we are lovers?" Cath examined me with her
round piercing eyes, then let out a laugh. "He didn't
tell you?"

I squinted at her. "Tell me what?"

"That I'm a lesbian," she said. "I prefer peaches to
bananas."

"Oh, I ... see."

"You didn't notice by the way I dress?"

"Well," I said, inspecting her Mad Hatter hat,
"*lesbian* wasn't exactly what I had in mind."

"Bet you're surprised, but don't be nervous. You're not
my type. Too skinny."

I gave her a half-smile. Should I have felt relieved or
offended?

"As for De-Shi," Cath continued, "don't worry. He's all
yours."

I gaped at her. "How did you---?"

"Hey. In case you've forgotten, lesbians are women too.
I can see these things."

"Okay." In a near whisper, I added, "but please don't
tell De-Shi."

"Don't worry, Pup. I'm silent as a tomb." She patted my
knee. "But I dunno, why not let him know? He doesn't
bite. And even if he did, I'm sure you'd like it."

"Well," I said, wrapping my arms around myself. "I have
my reasons."

"Not all reasons are reasonable."

I thought about mine. Fear? According to De-Shi, that
feeling protected us from possible threats. That made it
a good reason. But what if the danger was imaginary?

"Anyway," Cath said after a moment. "I suggest you to
take the initiative. The guy might be an animal expert,
but when it comes to human courtship, he's a total
amateur."

"You sure?" I blurted out. "He doesn't look like one."

"Well, at least I've never seen him date a chick. Not
even once."

"So that means ..." 

"Nah. Haven't seen him going out with guys, either."
Cath put down her hat and rubbed her flat belly. "But
y'know, something tells me he isn't. I have a nose for
these things." 

"You sure?" I asked again.

"Hey, just because the club is weird, doesn't mean all
its members have weird sexual orientations."

We burst out laughing. No, Cath wasn't bad company.
Plus I realized we had lot in common---like suicide.
With some differences, of course. Her problem had
started as something physical, mine as something
psychological. She had suffered from an excess of
sensations. I had lacked them altogether. We were
opposite sides---though of the same coin. The same
eclipsed moon.

Phew, at ease at last. Only one thing bothered me:
De-Shi. How come he had remained single for so long?
Although he looked funky, he wasn't bad-looking. Also,
he could be smart and funny at times. Maybe he had
*decided* to stay away from relationships? But why?

Suddenly Cath leaped off the barrier and cupped her
stomach. "That laugh did it. Gotta go to the restroom.
Be back soon." And with that, she crossed the bridge and
hurried into the woods. I watched as she disappeared
behind some bushes and pines. Wait, did she take
tissues?

With Cath gone, I peered down from the bridge. No sign
of De-Shi yet. I'd discovered two of his habits:
dragging me to spooky places and disappearing for hours
in the dark.

I let out a sigh and gazed at the country house. That's
when I spotted them.

Two green eyes on the far end of the bridge.
