## 12.

^^Flashlight in hand, I^^ slid off the barrier and stood
there, terrified, trying to come up with an explanation
for the phenomenon. A ghost? Cath had told me they
didn't exist---but she could have been wrong. People
were stuffed with false beliefs.

And also proven curiosity.

Gulping dry air, I tiptoed toward the green eyes, a pair
of hellish fireflies suspended in black nothingness. I
kept advancing until, instead of gritty concrete, my
feet touched grass. I'd reached the other side of the
bridge---basically a garden that had grown into a
forest. A forest with trees so twisted and gnarled they
made me think of tortured prisoners. Wild, whistling
grass. And of course, there was the country house,
looming in the background with its dark towers and
moss-infested walls.

Great, the perfect atmosphere to investigate a pair of
creepy eyes. One step, another step. Now I was just a
few meters from them, but because the trees now blocked
the moonlight, I still couldn't see the body they
belonged to. Duh, why not use *my* light? I pointed the
flashlight ahead, and finally identified the owner of
the eyes.

A dog.

Surely a stray: muddy black fur, skin covered with
sores, protruding lower fang. Oh God, oh god. My canine
phobia rose to the surface; my legs stiffened, my heart
quickened, my eyes searched for the nearest stone. I
wanted to flee. No, dogs chase you if you run. Maybe
play dead? Stupid. It wasn't a bear!

I opted for remaining still, praying the dog would lose
interest and leave. And it did; it slowly, almost in slow motion, it spun around and darted back into the darkness of the pines, mergining with the darkness that surrounded us. From time to time, it would look back as though checking I was still there and I wasn't following him.

Wait, or maybe it wanted me to follow him?

"Cath? De-Shi?" I glanced around calling their names but only the dwindled wind replied. I was alone. And I would have to deal with this alone. Curiosity killed the cat. And perhaps me.

With a gulp, I pointed my light to the path of pines and tiptoed forward, becoming engulfed slowly by the darkness.

As I walked between the pines and above the tall grass, I wondered why I was doing this. Maybe because I wanted to do something for the club. Cath. De-Shi. I hadn't been of much help since I'd joined---I'd just been a drag on the last outing. If I discovered something---what would be good. A contribution. But what I was expecting to find? What was the dog trying to show me?

Well, there was only one way to know.

I kept walking among the pines, terrified, waving the flashlight in case the dog jumped at me and bit off a chunk of my leg or arm. I didn't see him. All I saw were gnarled trees, moving shrubs, and---a gray brick wall?

I pointed the light to it, to reveal a window, and then up to reveal a castle-like roof.

The country house.

I stood in front of it amazed for a moment, at its gigantness. It really looked like a castle. With huge tower-like structures. Some triangular, some like a cone---all of them with a cross on top. Their tops surrounded with teeth-like brick that decoreated their roofs. Wow, I'd never been so close of a Western castle. I felt infinitely small in comparison. And I was.

I wondered if there were somone inside. Perhaps vandals, or homeless. I shuddered. There was more than one way in which they could entertain themselves with a young skinning girl.

I checked each window. Closed, closed, closed. I reached the third one when I realized I couldn't see my reflection on it. What the hell? Had I become a vampire? I approached the window, until I was right in front of it. There was nothing on the other side, just pure, perfect blackness.

And that was when I heard it. A long. *Aroooooo.* coming from inside that blackness. The dog. My courage went down. The hair of my arms raised. *Dammit, dammit.* Maybe I should just forget the whole thing and go back and to my homework, or watch Korean dramas. Anything but being in front of a creepy mansion, with a creepy zombie dog inside.

I looked behind me. Anyway, I was already deep in the forest. It was as creepy to go in the mansion than going back. *Dammit, dammit.* Gathering the minuscule courange that I had left, as though I was about to dive, I held my breath and crawled up of the window, careful of not stabbing myself with the remaining of glass that surrounded it.

Once midway, I gave a little jump and stood inside. I pointed my flashlight. I was amazed. A red carpet ran all the way through the room until it ended on a big, brick chimney. Old, faded paintings surrounded each wall. Of old bearded Western men and woman with curly hair with voluptous dresses. There were also round Western tables and chairs. And those white, diamond-like chandeliers that I saw in the movie Titanic. Wow. The sight almost made me forget that---

I was looking for a zombie-like stray dog.

And sure enough, he was there---I could see his red eyes right in front of me, reflecing my flashlight. Like two dying candles in the dark. *Oh God, oh god.* The only reason I didn't scream was because I was afraid that that would make the dog jump on me. I had a scream about to explode in my throat.

And then it happened; the red eyes started dashing toward me. Closer, closer and closer. And then. *Wham!* I tumbled to the floor. I writtled, kicked, and screamed---but I didn't feel anything like a dog. Neither I felt any pain. What?

Covering my face, I stood up and looked as my flashlight ran away from me---no, the dog was taking it away!

Quickly, I stood up and began chasing after through the red carpet, yelling, "Come back!" until we reached the window. And I saw the dog pass through it---no it was another windowless window. Just like I had done with the previous one, I carefully crawled on the side that didn't have remaining glasses and, like a gymnast, I hopped to the other side.

With my feed on the grass, I continued chasing the dog---now more easily since I could see the light waving between the grass and the pines that lined the path. It looked like the light of a little UFO, hopping through the grass and darkness.

So without caring what was coming my way, I followed it. I ran and ran with all the might not much because I wanted my flashlight but because I didn't want to be left alone without one! I ran and ran until we left the country house behind and very soon also the pines. We were back where there was only tall, waving grass.

The dog was heading towards a group of trees and bushes, probably wanted to hide there. I kept running and I was about to catch up with him---but once I did what would I do? Apply a karate lock on him?

Before I had to come to a decision, though, a shadow shoved me from the left. Thumping me down. Oh my god. What was it? A ghost dog? The shadow was now on top of me, covering me something leathery. Wait, that smell of musk cologne was familiar.

"Sorry about that," De-Shi said, helping me up and brushing off the leaves on my hoodie.

"It's all right," I said, blushing a little. "But, why did you do that?"

"What were *you* doing?"

"I was following the d-dog."

"Dog?" De-Shi said puzzled.

"You didn't see it?"

He shook his leaf-crowned head. "I just saw *you*.
Running. Like you were being chased by velociraptors."

"Then ghost dogs exist!"

"No, wait ..." De-Shi went over to the bushes and
pointed his flashlight down. I joined him and did the
same with mine.

There was the dog, lying sideways on the muddy grass.
Was it dead? The darkness and distance made it
impossible for us to tell. We would have had more luck
looking for vital signs in a flea.

"Oh, that's why you---shoved me down."

"Yeah, you almost commited suicide ..."

"Well, I was following the dog---oh, it can't be."

De-Shi turned to me. "What?"

I stepped closer to the fall, above the bushes. "Maybe he wanted me to jump with him."

"What? Why?"

"Maybe the ghost of the mother possesed him. She's so frustrated and angry at the world for not accepting her and her bady that  she wants to kill everyone who comes to the bridge."

De-Shi widened his eyes. "What? Are you sure?"

"No," I said, rubbing my temple. "Maybe I'm just still dizzy because of the fall."

"Talking about dizzy," De-Shi said glancing around, "where's Cath?"

"She went to, uh, *relieve* herself."

"Drinking again, huh?" De-Shi left out a resigned sigh.
"She's a lost cause. Can't blame her, though. It helps
her with her ..."

"Migraines," I finished.

His eyes widened an inch. "Oh, she told you about them."

"Yup. We had a story time."

"I knew it," De-Shi said with a smile. "Cats and dogs
can get along."

"Now that you mention dogs." I pointed at the ground
below with my free hand. "Shouldn't we go check the one
that just jumped?"

We put on the climbing gear and descended the bridge.
Since I already had experience, I found the task easier
and less scary this time. Who knew, maybe these climbing
sessions would get rid of my vertigo.

As soon as I reached the bottom, the stench assaulted my
nostrils. Jeez, it was ten times stronger here. Dried
meat. Rotten guts. I cupped my nose and tried to focus
on our subject instead.

The dog lay in the same position as before. Mangled.
Blood coated its 90-degree angled head and its
protruding fang had pierced its tongue. Saliva drooled
from its mouth and bones jutted out of its legs like
tree branches. Another dog suicide. Gosh. I had the
feeling I'd never see dogs the same way again.

De-Shi knelt down and examined the hound. "Broken neck.
Instant death."

I nodded, wondering whether it had been lucky or
unlucky.

As if addressing the wind, he said, "I owe you an
apology."

"Uh?" I said. "What for?"

"Last time I made you come down a cliff, and tonight
deal with a stray dog---I promise it won't happen
again."

"You mean putting me in danger recklessly?" I asked in a
half-mocking tone.

"Yeah." De-Shi looked at me, his face serious. "Or
leaving you alone."

I averted my eyes and blushed. It felt strange, having
him express concern for me. Well, he did it at the
Flying Cow Ranch, but not in such an intimate way. This
time his words reached right inside me, deep into my
cold, bottomless core.

To divert attention from my reddened face, I asked,
"Sure you didn't breathe too much decomposing matter?
You're acting, uh, too human."

"I do it from time to time." He scratched his messy
hair. "But I try not to. It's not good, you know, being
too human."

"Are you sure that's the reason?"

"Does the lady have another theory?" he asked playfully.

I thought about what Cath had told me. So De-Shi not
only avoided relationships; he also avoided being *too
human*. But why? Was he trying to protect himself from
something?

We stood in silence for a moment, staring at the corpse
of the dog. Another of my recent activities: mourning
deceased canines.

"So, what's next?" I asked.

"Nothing." De-Shi rose up from his kneeling position. "I
think we can call it a night."

"Just like that?" I blurted out. "Hey look, I know we
don't have to solve any of the cases. But it's
frustrating to leave empty-handed again."

"Who said we are?"

"Oh." I turned to him. "You found something?"

De-Shi nodded with a grin.

"A clue to solve the mystery of the dogs?"

He patted a rectangular bulge in his backpack.
"Something better than that."
