## 13.

^^We descended Jin Mountain^^ and went straight to the
Animal Suicide Club. Though the sun had already risen,
none of us felt sleepy. Our eyes were wide open and
glued to the item De-Shi had found, which now lay on the
bar, bathed in the red light of the club.

"What's this?" I stood up from my stool to take a closer
look. The object was greenish brown, made of metal, and
resembled a mini-refrigerator. But who the hell would
toss one from a bridge? I checked more carefully. No, it
wasn't a fridge but a camera; in its center, it had a
circular lens---the only part without rust. The only
part that had survived the ruthless passage of time.

"It's a camera trap." Standing behind the counter,
De-Shi looked like a bartender explaining the highlights
of a cocktail. "A camera used to film wild animals."

"Or suicidal ones," Cath added, sitting beside me.

"So," I said, "there were other people investigating the
dogs."

De-Shi gave me a nod. "They tied the camera to a log,
positioned to capture both the bridge and the ground
below."

"Let's turn it on," Cath said. "Maybe we'll find
something inside." After some fumbling, she found the
^^on^^ button and pressed it. Nothing happened. She did
it again and again, but only succeeded in turning on her
rage. Fearing Cath would lose her head and throw the
camera out of the window, De-Shi clutched the device and
wrestled with her until he finally snatched it out of
her hands.

"Easy, easy," De-Shi said, ducking and dodging Cath's
scratches. "Let's try changing the batteries."

De-Shi brought over two pairs of batteries and tried
them in the camera. The first pair didn't fit, the
second did. Still no light.

He placed the items down. "I think the camera's broken."

"Check if there's a memory card," Cath suggested,
picking up her hat.

De-Shi popped open the memory card slot. Indeed, there
was one inside. Quickly, he turned on the computer on
the bar and inserted the card. Didn't load.

He scowled. "The mud and water, I guess."

"That's it," I said. "We'll never know who these people
are ..."

"There's still hope." De-Shi grabbed the camera and
flipped it over, revealing a sticker on the back. It
said ^^Taitung Whale Protection Association^^. The logo
featured a side view of a cartoon whale. Miniature tail.
Bulging eye. The body was a lower half-circle, light
blue, with a white grid that made it look like a globe.
Clever design.

Cath and I launched a barrage of questions.

"Rescued whales and suicidal dogs?" She wrinkled her
fine nose. "I don't see the connection."

"And it came from Taitung," I said. "How did it end up
here?"

"Yeah. It's a six-hour drive. What idiots would travel
that long for an urban tale?"

"Maybe they knew it wasn't one?"

De-Shi held up his palms. "Ladies, ladies, slow down.
Let's look at the questions one by one."

"Got a better idea." Cath pulled out her phone and held
it in front of us. Hello Kitty case. "Let's call the
conservation group. Ask if they lost a camera trap."

We checked the sticker again and, luckily, we found the
their number there. Faded, scratched, but still legible.

Cath made the call while De-Shi and I waited, leaning
toward her like two kids watching another opening a
present.

She finally slammed her phone down. "Goddammit. *This
number is no longer available*."

I said, "That means ..."

"Yeah." De-Shi rested his hands on the counter. "The
Taitung Whale Protection Association changed its
number---that, or it disintegrated."

I cupped my chin in my hand. "Can a conservation group
cease to exist? Just like that?"

"It's unlikely," De-Shi said, "since they're usually
funded by the government. But I can't think of another
reason."

We stayed silent for a while, thinking.

"I know!" Cath said. Her ideas were flowing smoothly
today. The whiskey, perhaps. "Let's go to Taitung. We
have a three-day holiday in two months, right? Besides,
it's about time we have a break."

I turned to De-Shi with a question mark on my face. "A
*break*?"

"Oh, forgot to tell you. Another of our activities. To
cleanse the darkness I told you about, we take a yearly
trip. Just around the country, because of our budget.
But it helps. Once you come back, your mind is as clear
as the water in Hawaii."

"I see." I could feel my shoulders tensing up. "B-but
isn't it risky? You said maybe the conservation group
isn't there anymore."

"Well," De-Shi said. "We'll never find out if we don't
go." He checked the sticker again. "Besides, he have the
address, so we won't be walking in darkness."

"So it's decided then." Cath waved her Mad Hatter hat in
the air. "Taitung, here we go!"

I flicked my gaze back and forth between them. Their
excitement made me drop my objections. Not that I
disliked the idea. In fact, the prospect of traveling
with them excited me. The problem was yet another fear
that I had: going to far places, a childhood trauma
courtesy of my grandma. I still remembered that day. We
were riding the bus to her house, when I fell asleep.
When I woke up, to my horror, I couldn't find my
grandma, or my location in the city. Being only seven, I
had no idea how to go back. I panicked and cried.
Luckily, that attracted the attention of an old lady
waiting at the bus stop. She called the police and they
brought me back home. A week later, the doctors
diagnosed grandma with Alzheimer's disease.

As for me, my memory stayed intact; I remembered every
detail from that day. The paralyzing fear. The feeling
of being in an unknown place, of not knowing how to go
back home.

* * *

^^I did my best^^ to sound capricious to Mom---so she'd
refuse to sponsor me for the trip. As I expected, it
didn't work. My mom had this unconscious tendency to
blow up my plans.

"What a great idea!" Mom said, as she peanut buttered
her toast. "You've been in Taipei for too long. It'll do
you good to breathe some fresh air."

"Don't you think it'll be dangerous?" I sipped my milk
tea. "I heard there are sharks in Taitung."

"Sharks only bite out of curiosity. Most of the attacks
are nonfatal."

"I see ..." So sharks just "sampled" you, to see if they
liked the taste. "Still, I can get bitten."

"Just don't go far from the coast, don't wear flashy
swimming suits, and stay out of the water if you have an
open wound. Oh, and during dawn and dusk. That's when
sharks are most active."

I nodded, dumbstruck. When did Mom become a shark
expert?

Breakfast over, I threw on a hoodie and went jogging on
the bike path along the Keelung River. Not to lose
weight, obviously; I'd read somewhere that exercise
improved mood, so I decided to give it a shot.

The path was empty except for a group of the elderly
doing Tai Chi under an olive tree, and another trotting
at minimum speed along the bike path. Watching them
relaxed me. It reminded me that life can slow down, that
it doesn't have to be a competition all the time. The
survival of the fittest.

Keeping my pace, I gazed at the Keelung River. Under a
clear morning sky, the water shone a majestic blue,
camouflaging the grayness of pollution, making it seem
as if it had been cleared away. Not a single ripple in
sight; just a flat, unruffled surface that stretched
smoothly until it reached Taipei. From here, the city
looked like a floating island. And that's exactly what
it had become for me: a refuge, a shelter I had never
left to explore the world beyond. Well, that was about
to end.

I thought about our discovery at the bridge. Why were
these people filming the dogs? For the same purpose as
us? But then why abandon the camera under the bridge?
Was it because some *emergency* happened? Not sure why,
but I had a feeling that the answers to these questions
would tell us something. Something that, as De-Shi had
said at the Flying Cow Ranch, would unveil the picture
that we'd been wanting to see all along.
