## 14.

^^De-Shi had to finish^^ a lab report, and Cath take care of a rat problem in her apartment. As for me, since I'd taken off the second semester to focus on animal suicide (a feat I accomplished by telling Mom I had developed ADHD), I didn't have much going on, just visiting Chico's grave, thinking about my feelings toward De-Shi, and preparing myself psychologically for the trip. In short, uneventful days. Like a fishless pond or a beach in the middle of winter.

The day before the trip, however, something disrupted that monotony.

De-Shi and I sat at the bar of the club, waiting for Cath. The three of us had decided to get together and plan our itinerary for the trip. For the tenth time, I glanced at my watch. We'd agreed to meet at three o'clock. The hour hand already pointed to four.

"Sure Cath's serious about punctuality?" I asked.

"Yeah." He leaned across the counter to check the time on my watch. "She's never late. Not a single minute. Also, if you make her wait more than ten, she'll just walk away, and refuse to pick up if you call."

"I wonder why she's refusing to pick up *now*. Any message?"

De-Shi pulled out his phone and looked at the blue-lit screen. "Empty inbox."

"Maybe she forgot?" I asked.

"She drinks a lot, but has a perfect memory."

"Maybe it's another brain issue? Her migraines?"

"It could be." As if spotting a misplaced bottle, De-Shi frowned at the back bar. Back bars, I realized, were a strange sight during the day. Like owls. "But she would have told us. Besides, she hasn't complained about them in a while. Who knows, maybe she finally got used to them."

"Or killed them with alcohol," I suggested.

While we continued waiting, I glanced around the club. Vacant stage. Blood-colored space. This time, for some reason, it felt strange to be the only two people in the club. But wasn't that what a couple was? A two-person club with their own rules, their own rituals, their own secret language? Thinking about this while sitting next to De-Shi made me blush. I hoped the light of the club would mask my redness.

"All right." He came out from behind the counter, snatching his patch-covered backpack from it. "Let's go."

I rose up. "Where?"

"Isn't it obvious?" De-Shi flashed his crooked grin. "To the cat's cage. See why she's hiding."

A few minutes later, we were walking on the alley, a balanced mixture of sunrays and shadows. Of recycle bins, house walls, and flying newspapers. For some reason, I didn't feel so scary and disgusting this time. Maybe I was beginning to get used to this alley. Or to disgusting things.

"So you said she lives nearby?" I asked De-Shi looking to the side.

He nodded. "Just two blocks from here."

"Wow, that's near. Guess you go there to *visit* her almost everyday."

"Nah," De-Shi said, following the joke. "Cath time in the club is more than enough."

"That's why she choose this street? To be closer to the club?"

De-Shi nodded. "So she can be in the club all the time."

"All the time? She doesn't work? how does she pay her rent? Or her parents sponsor her?"

"She works at the local vet hospital. She's already been there for one year."

"I see." I thought about what Cath had shared me last night. What she did now was very different from her dream. It went from big cats to small cats, from the savanna to the city. Maybe dreams, like us, grow, shrink, and die. Which is neither good or bad. Just a part of life.

We greeted a smiling, balding security guard, entered the community area, and rode the elevator up to the 9th floor, where Cath lived. A small floor. Basically a stairway landing, barely wide enough for two people. The door had paint chipping off and dozens of shoes scattered around it: boots, pumps, high heels, stilettos---a sea of shoes to match Cath's costumes.

De-Shi knocked on the door, calling her name. Then we waited, holding our baited breaths.

No one answered.

"I think she's out," I said, doing my best not to trip on Cath's shoes.

"Or maybe she's inside." De-Shi brushed the door, as though this would enable him to see the other side. "But can't move."

I stared at him. "Because of her migraines? Has this happened before?"

De-Shi gave me a nod. "Every now and then, her migraines would strike so hard they'd stun her. An odd thing to see. Like she'd be totally paralyzed, not even able to blink. But still conscious. You could see it in her eyes---that she was *looking* at you, silently asking for help." He wiped beaded sweat from his forehead. "But as I said, she's been getting better, so I thought the attacks were gone. Guess some diseases stay with us forever. They define who we are."

"Then it's not safe ... her living alone."

De-Shi fished a pair of keys out of his backpack and held them in front of me. Skull Heart keychain. "That's why Cath gave me this." Then, bending down, he inserted one of the keys into the door.

I stepped back to give him room. "But how do you know when she's having one of these attacks? She can't call you. It's basically a game of charades---with no one acting out the word."

"It's not that hard." De-Shi twisted the key one, two, three times, each turn producing a click that reverberated throughout the cramped space. "When Cath disappears, there are only two options. And both can be confirmed by coming to her apartment. It may not look like it, but she's a homebody."

"Still, I don't get it---why did she give the keys to you instead of to her parents? She doesn't get along with them?"

"It's more like she gets along *better* without them. She never tells people what to do, so she hates when people do that to her. She thinks it's illogical. Immoral. Like, why do people tell her what to do if *she* doesn't tell them what to do? And this situation with parents, well, is unavoidable."

"But everyone needs a family," I said.

De-Shi took out the key and pushed the door, swinging it open with a dull screech. "You're right. But you can choose which one you wanna be in."

Carefully, we stepped into Cath's dark apartment. It was huge, big enough to turn it into a bar or a nightclub. It had a full kitchen, a living room, a dinning room, and a circular window seemingly made to match the shape of the sun. Pale light poured in from it. The air smelled of her. Durian and strawberry. Another territorial mark included beer, vodka, and whiskey bottles; they lay everywhere---in the tables, in the sofas, even in the sink. Yes, there was a lot of Cath in here.

Except the person.

We searched the bathroom, but found no one. Then we opened her bedroom with the second key and went inside. No luck. She was definitely not at home.

I joined De-Shi in Cath's closet---a room with thousands of clothes and costumes filling every inch of the walls. Every girl's dream. Or I should say, *crazy* girl?

"Maybe she's in trouble somewhere," I said, trying to swallow my panic. "Should we call the police?"

"Not necessary," De-Shi replied, remaining still. "I know where she is. Well, at least what she's doing."

I turned to him. "I don't follow."

"As I said before, when Cath disappears, there are only two options. This is the other one."

"What is it?" I checked behind a giant Doraemon costume. "Playing hide-and-seek?"

De-Shi shook his head. "Remember when I told you about her antisocial phases? This is kinda like that. She suddenly feels like withdrawing from everything: her family, friends, social circles. No warning. No explanation. The impulse strikes her and off she goes."

"*Off she goes*?" I returned to the middle of the room. "To where?"

"Nobody knows. You'd have more luck tracking a deer in a forest."

"Okay---but how do you know she left of her own free will?"

De-Shi pointed to the clothes at the end of the room. Only then did I notice the hole in the middle, like a missing tooth. Cath had taken enough for a week without doing laundry.

"So," I said, glancing around nervously. "What should we do now?"

"Nothing." Calmly, De-Shi headed to the exit of the walk-in closet. "And don't worry, she always comes back---even lone wolves get tired of solitude."

"What about the trip?"

"It's still on," he replied, turning around with a sly smile. Because of the sun outside, he looked as if he were standing in front of a cinema screen. "Cath will hate it if I cancel because of her. She might even castrate me. Besides, I already got our bus tickets and hotel reservations. Oh, and I promise. Two rooms this time."

"Okay." How ironic. The one who suggested the trip wasn't going. Did she do it on purpose? To give De-Shi and me some time alone?

Case closed, we left Cath's apartment. As we waited for the elevator, I peeked at De-Shi and saw on his face a mixture of worry and disappointment. And it came to me---jealousy. No, stupid. Feeling anxious because De-Shi cared about Cath was like feeling anxious because your boyfriend cared about his sister. Plus, Cath had become that to me, too: a sister. What joined us, though, wasn't the blood in our veins but the blood of our attempted suicides. Which is probably the most intimate thing to share with another human. Another living being.
