## 15.

^^The bus station was^^ terribly crowded, a sign that
the Mid-Autumn Festival was near. Sky lanterns,
mooncakes, barbecues---a time to gather with the family.
Not for me. Since I became interested in animal suicide,
my relatives had started avoiding me, as though I had TB
or AIDS. Anyhow, I had a new family now. One that saw my
passion not as a disease, but as cure for idleness and
meaninglessness. 

While I pondered these thoughts, the bus arrived. De-Shi
and I showed our tickets to the stern-looking driver,
grabbed our luggage, and climbed in. The seats were the
type with mini TVs and pillows attached to the back.
De-Shi offered me the window seat. I told him the aisle
made me feel safer.

We sat in silence for a moment, shoulder to shoulder,
waiting for the other passengers to board. I blushed. We
looked like a couple going on a vacation, or newlyweds
heading off to a honeymoon. Was De-Shi thinking the
same? He felt so close to me at times, but so far away
at others. Being with him was like watching the surf at
the beach; rolling in, rolling out. Now and then I would
chase them, try to catch them, only to trip and smash my
face into the sand. I would then pick myself up, and do
it again and again and again. God, love is pathetic.

"What's wrong?" De-Shi looked at me, noticing my
silence. "You nervous?"

"Uh, just a little," I replied.

"Because of the trip?"

"Yeah." Not the truth, but not a lie either. "The thing
is, I'm afraid of traveling."

De-Shi almost dropped his water bottle. "You're kidding,
right?"

I shook my head, and after some hesitation, told him
about the episode with my grandma. 

"Wow," he whispered. "Good thing you guys weren't taking
the intercity train."

"Yeah." I plopped my backpack between my legs. "I would
have become an accidental runaway."

"Wait a second," De-Shi said, "how come I didn't notice
anything at the Flying Cow Ranch?"

"That place wasn't that far. Almost the same as going to
my house in Keelung."

De-Shi stared at my backpack. "You should have told me.
I wouldn't have dragged you along."

"It's all right. I *want* to go. You know, to find out
about this conservation group." My eyes fell on the
travel poster on the seat in front of me. It showed a
gorgeous peach sunset. "And---I know this may sound
contradictory, but sometimes I feel that by not
traveling, I'm missing out on life. Am I?"

"That's a tough one," De-Shi said, crossing his arms
around his chest. "Yeah, you're missing the opportunity
to see different places and cultures. However, they'll
mean nothing to you if you don't enjoy them. These
experiences are only worthwhile if you take pleasure
from them."

I toyed with the zipper of my backpack, opening it and
closing it. "I can't think of anything I enjoy doing."

"Don't worry, Hanging Pup." De-Shi carefully placed his
hand on my shoulder. "You can learn how to enjoy things
again. It's not big science. It's like learning to walk
after an injury."

"You sure?" I asked.

De-Shi smiled. "I can be your tutor if you want."

I smiled back at him, and for a moment, I felt an
irresistible urge to grab his hand and place it on mine.
Leave it there for the rest of the trip.

But of course I didn't.

De-Shi's lab report had kept him awake the whole night,
so he fell asleep as soon as the bus hit the highway. I
watched him nod off, his puffy hair brushing against the
seat in front of him. After some time, I became aware of
my creepiness and quickly turned to the window.

It had started to rain, the drops trickling down the
glass, turning the city into a mosaic of light and
shapes. I thought about the incident with my grandma. I
remembered sitting there, alone, staring at the same
kind of blurriness. At that time, it wasn't rain what
blurred the scenery, but my own tears.

I looked at De-Shi again. No more nodding; his head
rested peacefully against the seat. Total stillness. His
eyelashes were grass on a windless hill, his nose a
mountain without climbers, his mouth a uninhabited cave.
No, no one would abandon me this time. I wouldn't get
*lost*. And even if I did, it wouldn't really be the
case, because no matter where I went with De-Shi, it was
always the right place.

* * *

"^^Everything okay so far^^?" De-Shi opened up his eyes
around two p.m. His voice sounded husky, like a bear who
had just woken up from hibernation.

"Yeah," I replied, gazing out the window. Grass swayed
in the breeze, birds hopped on trees, rice growers waded
through paddy fields. A soothing scenery. "It's not as
scary as I'd imagined."

"Then what the say is true: the best way to overcome
fear is expose yourself to it." De-Shi held a bag of
Doritos in front of me. 

Hesitating, I slid my hand into the bag and picked a
chip. "Sometimes I feel I have too many fears."

"Quite a few: high places, distant places, and dogs."

I ate my Dorito. "How about you? Do you have any?"

"Of course, you think I'm a robot?"

"At times."

"Well, I *do* have fears." As though he'd spotted a fly,
De-Shi gazed at the bus' metallic ceiling, "like
*cenosillicaphobia*." 

I squinted so hard my eyes nearly closed. "Cenowhat?"

"*Cenosillicaphobia*," De-Shi repeated. "Fear of empty
glasses. Cenotaph means 'empty tomb' and sillica
'glass'."

I'd read about this phobia before, just didn't know its
name. "I thought only alcoholics had it, like Cath."

"In Cath's case, the one who should be scared is the
bartender who isn't filling her glass." De-Shi chuckled.
"No. Non-alcoholics also have it. Like me---and I fear
any kind of empty glasses: coffee, juice, even this." He
waved his full water bottle.

"I don't get it," I said. "An empty glass can't kill
you."

"But the absence of what's inside can."

"I thought you had deeper fears. At least deeper than a
glass of water."

"Like what?"

I stared at my brown sneakers, wondering if I should
talk about the subject. It was as if my whole life
revolved around whether to bring up a conversation. "I
don't know, maybe something like l-love?"

Like actors on a closing stage, De-Shi's emotions
completely disappeared from his face. Oh, God. I knew
it: I should have kept my mouth shut.

Unscrewing the cap, De-Shi drank from his water bottle.
Half of it. "Well, it's not exactly that. What happens
is---hey, look!" He pointed at the window.

I turned around to witness a striking blue ocean, a
perfect mirror of the cloudless sky. White surf washed
the beach. In the background, stood mountains of all
sizes and shades of green; they went from avocado and
apple green to mint, teal, and viridian. I'd never seen
such intense colors in my life. I had to squint my
darkness-accustomed eyes to look at them.

The bus exited the highway and before long, buildings,
palm trees, and 7-Elevens began to appear along the
road. We had finally arrived. Unlike Taipei, Taitung had
a tropical feeling to it---I could see it in the
atmosphere, smell it in the air. Maybe because the sea
was nearby, surrounding everything with its cleanliness,
its fragrance.

The resort looked like an Aztec temple, mainly because
of its stepped pyramid shape and uneven brick walls. It
had hundreds of tiny windows and square towers with red,
triangular roofs. Astounding. The only unappealing thing
about the resort was its name: The Flipping Dolphin.
Well, you can't have everything.

We grabbed our luggage and headed to the entrance. As we
did, I caught sight of the swimming pool. It was a
cluster of circles that intersected with each other.
Inside them, the water shared the same deep blue as the
ocean. I wouldn't have been surprised if it'd been taken
from there. Palm trees bordered the pool. Not the same
ones I'd seen previously; these were taller, greener,
with their leaves spread uniformly like a fan.

A lady in a staff uniform greeted us at the reception.
She had the widest smile I'd ever seen. We got our keys
from her, took the elevator to the third floor, and went
to our respective rooms to unpack. While hanging my
clothes in the closet, I couldn't help looking around.
In the sunlight, the floor glowed a golden brown and the
ceiling a bright, immaculate white. The walls wore a
vanilla that contrasted beautifully with the cyan of the
bed sheets and furniture. The same contrast between eye
and skin, sand and the ocean. Clouds and the sky.

De-Shi slipped silently into the room. "Scared?"

"No. *Dazzled*. I've never seen so many bright colors
before. I can't even remember what black looks like."

De-Shi sat on the edge of the bed. "You know, colors are
interesting. Each of them has a meaning. Red means love,
anger, and passion. Black: evil and mystery. Yellow:
warmth and optimism. And that's not all. They can also
symbolize contrasting feelings. Take blue. It relates to
trust and serenity, but also to coldness, sadness, and
lack of emotion."

"This is art stuff. I thought you didn't have a drop of
it."

"Hey, I like science, and science is art." De-Shi toyed
with his pendant. The fish with legs. Hadn't seen him
wear it in a long time. "Anyway, I'm not interested in
the artistic side, but the *psychological* one. Like,
why we associate femininity with pink? Why not blue or
orange? There must be a scientific explanation for
that."

I stared vacantly at the milky ceiling. "I wonder if
colors also mean something to animals---oh wait, they
do. Like red makes bulls go crazy."

"That's actually a myth," De-Shi said matter-of-factly.
"They tested with other colors: blue, white---same
result. Turns out, the bulls are just annoyed by the
movements of the bullfighter, or who knows, maybe by the
bullfighter's flamboyant clothes." He crossed and
uncrossed his legs. "Your question is interesting,
though. Especially since some animals can see hundreds
of colors more than us. Like octopuses and butterflies."

I hung my hoodie in the closet. "Are there any
instruments to see these colors?"

"No, the best they can do is detect them. Not their
fault. The problem is, the brain can't see the colors
that it isn't designed to see. Actually, it can't even
*imagine* them."

"Are you sure?"

"Go ahead. Try picturing a color that doesn't exist."

I closed my eyes and gave it a shot. Indeed. I could
only conjure up a color that already existed, or a fuzzy
mixture of two. The human brain was more limited than
I'd imagined.

"Impressive, huh?"

I gave him a nod. "I wish I was like you---always
curious and excited about the world."

"I told you. I'll be your tutor." Releasing his pendant,
De-Shi got up from the bed and stood in front of me.
"But next time. For now, let's focus on our mission."

After unpacking the rest of my things, we made some
coffee and sat face to face on the leather sofas against
the wall. The sun had dimmed, and a faded yellow light
filtered in through the window.

"So," I said, "did you find more information about the
Taitung Whale Protection Association?"

"Yeah, on the Internet. The group is sponsored by the
Taitung government, and it's been operating for more
than four years. It has twenty whale experts working
practically 24/7. Their tasks include monitoring the
whales, checking their migratory patterns, releasing
them from fishing nets, and making sure they're not
being hunted illegally. They've also been involved in
many rescue operations across the country. Like the
Exploding Whale incident in Tainan."

"*Exploding Whale*?" I blurted out. "You mean someone
blew up a whale with dynamite?"

De-Shi shook his head. "The whale blew up by itself. It
happened while being transported to a conservation area
to be dissected. The gases inside the carcass built up
until---*pop*---it burst like a piñata, splattering
blood and guts over shops, cars, and the people passing
around. It was chaos. And the street stank for months.
Even after the conservation group cleaned up
everything."

"Wow, was somebody injured?"

"Fortunately not. It'd be tragic, don't you think? To
die from being hit by a piece of whale?"

"Did you find out if the group still exists?"

Instead of answering, De-Shi took a folded paper from
his shirt's pocket, unfolded it, and handed it to me.
This action reminded me of that day at the university's
cafeteria. Six months had passed since my suicide plan.
Had I learned to live since then?

The paper had a picture of a building made of dozens of
square structures shuffled together; some intersecting,
others paralleling each other. Built-up and spread out.
This made it look more like a city than a single
architectural piece.

"The Taitung Whale Protection Association," I sputtered,
noticing the whale logo. It had been made into a flag,
set on the very top of the building, fluttering in the
coastal wind.

"I got it from their website," De-Shi said.

"If it's still there, probably also the group."

"Exactly." He blew the coiling steam from his coffee.
Then, watching the fading mist, he said, "Maybe the
problem is with their phone. Maybe they changed their
number or something."

"So what's the plan tomorrow?" I asked.

"What we agreed---we go there, show them the camera, and
ask why they were filming the dogs. Any questions from
club members?"

I raised my hand. "What if they refuse to give us any
information?"

"Something tells me they will." De-Shi sipped his coffee
and stared at its contents. "And if they don't, well, at
least we will have had a nice trip."
