## 16.

^^We rented a car^^ and made our way to the Taitung
Whale Protection Association. It was located in the East
Coast National Scenic Area, known as Taiwan's Last
Unspoiled Land, which said a lot about our country's
environmental policies. It was a long drive---but not a
boring one. We saw colossal mountain split by deep rift
valleys. Vast hills filled with thousands of yellow
daylilies. Coastal terraces smashed again and again by
legions of towering waves. And of course, lit up by the
sun, the ever-churning Pacific ocean.

The address of the conservation group led us to a
harbor. Food establishments and souvenir shops lined one
side; bobbing boats and a boundless blue sea the other.
At the end of this haven we found the location. But the
sight puzzled us.

A seafood restaurant?

Instead of square structures, we saw tanks of live
seafood---lobsters, groupers, mitten crabs. Instead of a
little whale flag, a giant wooden ship wheel. In its
center, made from nautical rope, was the name of the
restaurant. Heavenly Harbor.

"Maybe this is the wrong place?" I suggested.

From the pocket of his jacket, De-Shi pulled out the
photo of the conservation group. We looked at the
building, then back at the picture, then up at the
building again---both had four looming mountains in the
background. No doubt. The same spot. But where was the
Taitung Whale Protection Association?

Before we could recover from the confusion, a
middle-aged woman appeared in the doorway of the
restaurant. Stocky, with muscular arms that made me
wonder if she lifted weights, or wrestled. Her heavy
brows and crew-cut hair accentuated this sturdiness. If
not for her apron and blue flower dress, I would have
taken her for a man.

She lurched toward us. "Seat for two?" 

De-Shi and I exchanged glances. Why not? It was almost
lunch time.

Business seemed to be doing well; the place was filled
with tourists and exotic seafood dishes. And noise.
Adults chattered, chuckled, and clinked beer glasses.
Children wailed, whined, and wowed at the shells and
fishing nets decorating the walls. But I didn't mind.
Lately, for some reason, noise felt less like noise and
more like music to me. The music of the world.

We sat at a table nestled between a wall and a fishing
net, maybe unconsciously trying to hide our
disappointment.

"Okay," I finally said, "any theories?"

De-Shi set the camera trap on the stool next to him.
Its weight had ruptured his backpack, so he'd been
carrying the device by the shoulder straps. "More like a
fact: the association *did* disintegrate, and in its
place, they built---Heavenly Harbor."

"But we saw the website ..."

"Well," he said, "sometimes a website lives longer than
the stuff it promotes."

"You're right." I checked the menu to make sure they
didn't sell whale meat. "So, that's it. No Taitung Whale
Protection Association."

"Guess not," De-Shi replied sullenly.

With our conversation over, I scanned the menu---or I
should say, followed the words with my eyes. For some
reason, my brain couldn't process them. Just registered
them as black characters behind gleaming plastic.

Giving up, I looked around---at the fidgety customers,
at the ocean-themed decor---and for a moment, I felt as
though this whole investigation had never existed. That
De-Shi and I were a vacationing couple who had
accidentally stumbled into a restaurant. Not an
unpleasant fantasy. But I wasn't in the mood to
daydream.

A few minutes later, the stocky woman came to our table,
a yellow pad in her hand. "May I take your order?"

"Um, well ..." I turned to De-Shi for help, but he
seemed to be in the same languid state as me. Foggy
eyes. Mouth slightly ajar.

The woman continued staring at us with her thick,
furrowed brows. But that didn't last long; when she saw
the camera on the stool, her expression crumbled, like a
house being demolished, exposing the fragile framework
within.

She put the pad on the table and picked up the camera.
"Where'd you guys find this?"

De-Shi and I stared at her with widened eyes. It took us
a couple of seconds to grasp the situation.

Bingo.

I sprang up from my chair. "It's yours?"

The woman's face changed again. She glanced around
nervously, apparently worrying that the customers would
overhear. Kinda unlikely. Who'd care about two
youngsters, a dirty camera, and a heavily built woman?

Setting the camera back on the stool and taking her pad
from the table, she asked, "After you guys finish
eating, can you come to the room behind the stairs?" She
pointed to the back of the restaurant. 

De-Shi and I glanced at each other. We were definitely
thinking the same thing, *Dangerous, but we have no
other choice*.

* * *

^^Cautiously, De-Shi knocked at^^ the door. After a few
seconds, the woman yelled "I'm coming, I'm coming," and
opened the door.

It was a cramped room, filled with towering stacks of
papers and wrinkled brochures. At the back, stood a desk
with a MacBook computer and an empty coffee cup. On the
wall above the desk, six security monitors displayed
black-and-white images of the restaurant, and provided
the only source of light in the room.

"Sorry, the light bulb is broken." The woman waved us to
sit on the sofa facing the entrance. She plopped herself
in her office chair at the desk. Lit by the security
monitors, her face looked like a ghost's. "I wanted to
change it, but then I thought whatever---the monitors
give me enough light. People say it's bad for the eyes,
but that's bullshit. If that were true, no one would go
to the cinema."

She pulled a pack of cigarettes from her apron and held
it in front of us as if asking, "You guys mind?" We
shook our heads and she lit up.

The three of us watched the smoke rise like a soul
leaving its body. I coughed, and I worried about the
second-hand smoke. But then I thought about the traffic
fumes and industrial waste gas of the country. What was
a little more CO2 going to do?

The woman took a drag on her cigarette. "How was the
food?"

We told her it had been nice.

"Great. Not to brag, but we're one of the best
restaurants around. We buy only what we need for the
day. Everything's fresh, nothing frozen. Plus, it's good
for the ocean and the environment." She tapped her
cigarette on a dolphin-shaped ashtray. "Okay, enough
babble. My name's Hsin-Yi. Yours?"

De-Shi introduced himself, then me. 

"All right. Now, to answer your question, Li-Mei."
Hsin-Yi crossed her legs, pointing her toes in my
direction. "No, I don't own the camera, but it belonged
to the place I used to work---the Taitung Whale
Conservation Association."

I scratched my left temple. "I don't get it.
Conservation group ... restaurant ..."

"After the association closed its doors, the government
put the land up for sale. Since I'd been wanting to be
my own boss for a long time, I told myself, 'What the
hell, why not buy it?' But then I had to resolve another
question. What to do with the land? One thing was
certain: I wanted to continue working with sea animals.
You can call it my passion. My *element*. However,
creating a new conservation center would've been too
much for me---both physically and mentally. Same with a
fish store. That left only one option: a live seafood
restaurant. Which is good business, thanks to the
tourists." 

Still, I found the transition weird, to go from saving
fish to cooking them. 

Rising from the sofa, De-Shi asked, "But what happened
to the Taitung Whale Conservation Association?"

"First tell me where you found the camera trap."

After some hesitation, De-Shi sat down and told Hsin-Yi
about our trip to the Dog Suicide Bridge, and how we'd
accidentally found the camera there. She didn't seem
impressed; she just gave the occasional hum and nod.
Maybe investigating dead dogs was nothing compared to
hauling whales back into the ocean.

"That's odd." Hsin-Yi uncrossed her legs, as though they
had fulfilled their protective function. "As you guys
may have guessed, we only worked with sea animals. In
the ocean. And only operated on land to monitor turtle's
nests. That's how we used that camera." She watched the
device, now resting neatly between De-Shi and me. "One
sec, you said this bridge is in Taipei?" 

De-Shi and I nodded.

"One of us was from Taipei," Hsin-Yi continued. "Miss
Hsu. She went back there every few months. No idea why
she was filming those dogs, though."

"So you know her?" I asked.

"I do. I mean, I *did*."

"You did?" I blurted out. "You mean, she's---?"

Hsin-Yi chuckled. "She's as alive as a snapped power
line. At least, she was the last time I heard about
her."

I blinked twice. "Sorry, I don't ..."

She took a last drag on her cigarette and crushed it in
the ashtray until it became a crumpled S. Then she let
out a heavy sigh and said, "Guess I'll have to tell you
about Miss Hsu. And her *bizarre* behavior four months
ago. But everything I say stays in this room, you hear
me?"

De-Shi and I nodded again.

Hsin-Yi lifted herself out of her chair and picked up
the camera. She held it gently, as if handling a pet.
"Miss Hsu was the most ardent member of the group---the
only one who'd sleep in the building, or stay on the
beach throughout the night. Hell, one time she examined
a stinking whale carcass until sunrise." Hsin-Yi
coughed. "Now *that's* being passionate about your work.
Naturally her energy infected us, making us think,
'Damn, this old lady is more alive than us. Compared to
her, we're a bunch of zombies.' That's why we worked
harder in her presence---and the reason the association
fell to pieces when she left."

"*Left*?" De-Shi said. "You mean, she quit?"

"No, it wasn't anything official. One day, she suddenly
stopped coming. Just like that. She even left her work
and personal belongings on her desk." 

My turn to ask questions. "Wait, how did you know she
stopped coming of her own will? She could have been in
an accident. Or kidnapped." I wondered, though, who
would want to abduct a whale biologist.

"We also considered that," Hsin-Yi said. "But then, a
few days later, Miss Hsu phoned one of my co-workers.
The guy was the only person who talked with her after
she left the association."

"I assume Miss Hsu told him why she quit," De-Shi
ventured.

Hsin-Yi shook her head. "Far from it, she avoided the
topic---didn't even tell him her whereabouts. No, she
wanted to contact the guy's sister, who's a real estate
agent in Green Island."

I gasped at Hsin-Yi. "So that means ..." 

She nodded. "Miss Hsu suddenly decided to move there.
None of us knew the reason. Anyway, by then we'd already
stopped looking for one."

"At least you could get Miss Hsu's address," De-Shi
commented. "You just had to ask the man's sister."

"Right," Hsin-Yi said. "And as you may have guessed, we
went to the island to visit her. Miss Hsu, however,
wouldn't receive us a single time, left us standing
outside the house."

De-Shi stared at her blankly. I took the opportunity to
ask, "Is it okay if we go visit her? See if she wants to
meet us?"

"Sure." Hsin-Yi placed down the camera and walked back
to her seat. She then flipped the laptop open and began
typing. "But tell me something, why do you guys wanna
meet Miss Hsu? Bet it's not just for returning the
camera." 

"Actually, we don't have an answer, either," I replied.
"We just have a feeling---that she's the last piece of
our puzzle. Our investigation." 

"Investigation?"

I told Hsin-Yi about our club and what we did. Again,
she didn't even blink---just shrugged a whatever-you-say
shrug and said, "All right. I'll search for the address.
Just remember, I'm only giving you this personal
information because you have something that belongs to
Miss Hsu. Not that I think she'll receive you. But
anyway, you can give it a shot. Not trying is the safest
way to fail. That's my motto."

* * *

^^Back at the hotel^^, we changed into our swimsuits and
sat in the pool with the wine coolers we'd bought at a
7-Eleven. It'd been a long day, so we decided it'd do us
good to loosen up, enjoy the trip. That was one of our
intentions, after all.

The pool looked dazzling at night. The underwater
lighting tinted it in patches of white and turquoise,
making me feel as though I were sitting among glowing
jellyfish. The water smelled faintly of chlorine, but I
didn't mind; compared to the stench of the Keelung
river, it was luscious perfume.

"So," I said, watching my feet kick underwater, and
feeling a bit self-conscious about wearing my brown
bikini in front of De-Shi. "Why do you think Miss Hsu
left her job?"

"I don't know." He was sitting across from me, pressing
air bubbles out of his seahorse-patterned trunks. Well,
at least I hoped they were bubbles. "Maybe she got tired
of it?"

"You mean she worked passionately for years, and then
suddenly lost the drive?"

"Happens to a lot of people."

"Still, it's weird," I said. "To drop everything to go
live alone on an island."

"Yeah." He drank from his bottle. The underwater
lightning made it look like an LED glow stick. "Not your
usual retirement plan."

"Or maybe it's the other way around," I suggested.
"Maybe she found something on the island and then quit."

De-Shi raised his head. "What d'you mean?"

"Like, something about the island must have attracted
her attention. Maybe a case related to her field."

"But then why not tell the association about it?" De-Shi
reasoned. "They'd have assisted her."

I watched a solitary leaf sail across the pool. "Maybe
she wanted to work alone, like she did at the Dog
Suicide Bridge." The leaf, as if it had dropped its
anchor, stopped on top of an underwater lamp. The light
accentuated the leaf's tiny reflection. "This makes me
wonder if the two events are connected. You know, Miss
Hsu leaving the conservation group and abandoning the
camera under the bridge."

"Probably, or probably not," De-Shi said dully. "Guess
we only have theories."

"But we're closer to the truth, aren't we?"

"Or maybe further?" De-Shi drank one-third of his
cooler. I'd started paying attention to the contents of
his drinks. "It's like we're exploring a cave, and the
more we advance, the deeper we realize it is."

"But it must have a way out, right?"

"Maybe not."

"Wow," I said, "who would have thought. De-Shi seeing a
glass as half empty---and we're not talking about a real
glass."

He gave me a sheepish smile. "Equally shocking as
Hanging Pup seeing it as half full." 

"Yeah." I fiddled with the spines of the palm next to
me. "I used to be a pessimist. I used to think that all
colors combined produced black, but no, they sometimes
produce white."

"Like light," De-Shi said.

I gave him a nod.

While we sipped our wine coolers, I wondered why De-Shi
had compared the case to a cave. Dark. Deep. Gloomy. It
didn't sound like him; in fact, he hadn't sounded like
himself the whole night. Hadn't the trip helped him? To
cleanse his *darkness*? So far, it seemed to have
produced the opposite effect.

"Okay." He put down his wine cooler and sprang up,
stretching his arms toward the sky. "Tomorrow's stop:
Green Island."

I jumped to my feet, too, shaken by his drastic change
of mood. "You sure? That's kinda rushed." Water trickled
down my legs. 

"We only have three days, remember? Plus, a change of
scenery would be nice."

"What about our hotel rooms?"

"It's all right. We'll think of something."

I smiled at De-Shi. Yeah, that sounded more like him:
cheerful, positive, optimistic---the complete opposite
of me. Or who I *had been*? Perhaps that was more like
it, perhaps I was starting to hope and believe like
De-Shi. Or as Cath put it, "To join his world."
