## 17.

"^^A glass-bottom boat?" I^^ blurted out to De-Shi as we
drove down the highway, heading to Fugang Fish Harbor.
"What's that?"

Without taking his eyes off the road, he said, "A boat
with a glass floor so passengers can watch the marine
life below."

"You mean so sharks can watch the *landfood* above. What
if one of them breaks the glass?"

"There's a bigger chance of the boat hitting a whale."

I stared at the rubber mat under my sneakers. "What if
the glass can't support the passengers' weight?"

"We'll be sitting behind the glass, protected by
handrails." De-Shi straightened his arms against the
steering wheel to illustrate his point. 

I had a few objections, but in the end thought, *Why not
have a little of fun?* After all, it would take almost
two hours to reach Green Island. Besides, it couldn't be
*that* scary---at least, not as scary as descending a
cliff in the middle of the night.

We reached Fugang Fish Harbor around two p.m. Blue
fishing boats filled the harbor like a naval fleet. A
sailboat sliced through the waves on the horizon.

After getting out of the car, we bought our tickets and
stood in line with the other passengers. I was still
nervous. But once we boarded the boat and it pulled away
from the dock, my body relaxed. It looked safe and the
view behind the glass captivated me. It was gorgeous.
The water glowed a luminous cyan, one brighter than the
sky. The coral reefs created colorful underwater cities.
The sunlight cast bright ripples on the seabed, making
it look like a second ocean.

As the boat passed through a gap in a reef, I spotted a
stingray resting motionless beneath the wavy sand.

"*Squatina formosa*." Sitting next to me, De-Shi had the
same view. "The Taiwan angelshark."

"Oh, it's not a stingray?" I leaned on the handrail to
see better. He was right; it had a tail fin, not a
stinger like stingrays. The dots on its body resembled
the craters of the moon. A camouflaging strategy, I
deduced.

"Well, almost," De-Shi said. "Stingrays and sharks are
cousins. True, they don't resemble each other, but they
have the same features. Gill slits, tooth-like
scales---basically, a sting ray is a flattened version
of a shark."

"How do you know all this? The Animal Science
Department?

"No. I lived on a beach in Kenting. Until I was twelve."

"Oh, how come you never told me?"

De-Shi smirked. "How come you never asked?"

"Dunno. Just assumed you were from Taipei." I wriggled a
few inches closer to him. "Anyway, how was your life in
Kenting? Did you surf instead of playing basketball?
Have a seal instead of a dog?"

He chuckled. "It wasn't that interesting. My parents
owned a bed and breakfast there. I washed dishes with my
mother, and made barbecue for the guests with my old
man. Sometimes, we took sailing trips or went to see the
deer in the national park. That was pretty much it."

"Still, it's great. Anyone would kill for a childhood in
Kenting."

"Even Homebody Pup?" De-Shi asked mockingly.

"Yeah." I cupped my chin in my hand. "Weird."

"Not so much," De-Shi said. "Life began in the sea, and
on some level, everyone feels attracted to it. We hear
it calling."

A school of fluorescent pink fish flitted by. My eyes
followed them as they disappeared into the murky blue
water. "If we liked it so much, why did we leave it?"

"To escape from predators. Evolution."

"But escape was useless." I stared at my faded,
ghost-like reflection in the glass. "They followed us to
land."

"It's an arms race, a never-ending battle. The odds
aren't in our favor, though. We'll probably get wiped
out by a super-virus."

"Or blown up by our nuclear weapons."

"Exactly. Our lives began in the sea, and will probably
end on land." De-Shi scratched his Adam's apple. It had
a faint, reddish blotch I hadn't noticed before.
Probably a sunburn. 

"Do you think about that a lot?" I asked.

"About our ancient evolutionary pilgrimage?"

"No, dummy. About death."

In less than a second his face drained of color, his
eyes lost all focus. It was the same look I'd seen at
the bus and last night at the pool. Oh god, I did it
again.

Luckily, De-Shi regained his composure and said, "It's
more like *not forgetting* about death than *thinking*
about it. It's in the air, like smog. Not surprising.
As a member of the Animal Suicide Club, I deal with the
subject everyday." He let go of the handrail and faced
me. "How about you? Do you think about death a lot?"

I heaved a sigh. "Every waking second."

De-Shi placed his hand on my shoulder. "Sounds tiring."

"It's okay," I said. "I'm well trained."

"I'm sure there are times it goes away."

"Not really---oh wait, yes. When I feed the fish."

"Feed the fish?" De-Shi narrowed his already narrowed
eyes. "Is this a metaphor?"

I shook my head. "No, when I *literally* feed the fish.
My mom and I do it once a month, to honor my dad. Ah! I
forgot to tell you he's dead."

"Guess you forgot." His hand slid from my shoulder to my
arm. "I'm sorry."

"It's all right. I was two at the time. I don't remember
anything."

"So, how did he ..."

"He drowned," For some reason, the words felt unreal. I
might as well have been talking about a television
drama. "It happened while he was taking a ferry in
Keelung with my mom. Somewhere during the trip he felt
the need to 'relieve' himself---but to his bad luck,
someone was in the toilet. Someone with diarrhea.
Finally, he couldn't hold it anymore, so he sneaked off
to the rear of the ship and, you know, did it there. But
just as he was turning around to leave, he slipped in
his pee and fell over board. Pretty silly, huh?"

"Most deaths are senseless," De-Shi remarked.

I nodded. "And unpredictable. Like, he couldn't have
guessed there would be someone with diarrhea on board.
Or that the ferry's rail would be half his size. Or that
the night would become dark and windy, making it
impossible for the crew to find him."

"So did they---?"

"The police found him a week later on the bank of the
river. Immediately, they called my mom, asked her to
come identify the body. Well, more like to *confirm*.
His ID card was on him, so they knew his identity. Same
with Mom. She recognized him on sight, even though he
looked like a melted wax statue. It made her go crazy.
She screamed and wailed, and when all her energy was
drained, she locked herself in the house and stayed
there. But only for a couple of weeks. On the third one,
she left me at my grandpa's, and went on a trip to
Yangmingshan. Alone. All of a sudden."

I rubbed my eye. Something had gotten inside.

"She spent the whole weekend there. And when she came
back, she came back as a born-again Christian. My
relatives were shocked, since none of them belonged to
that religion. Eventually, they asked Mom about her
decision, but she always gave the same reply, that she'd
been 'visited' by Jesus up on Yangmingshan. In the end,
they accepted this, since it helped her to keep going.
It helped her to make sense of my father's death."

"Wow, what a story," De-Shi said. "But wait a minute,
what's it got to do with feeding fish?"

"That's another of her rituals. A personal one. She's
afraid my dad's soul will be hungry."

"I think I get it now." De-Shi crossed his arms, leaning
back. "And feeding them makes you forget about death
'cause it makes you feel as if your father is still
alive. As if death doesn't really exist---no, that
doesn't make sense. Thinking about death not existing is
also thinking about death."

I gave him a nod. "And you forget---I don't have
memories of him alive. Nah, I think it's the act of
feeding fish. I don't know, I feel this deep peace when
I watch them eat, swim, glide effortlessly through the
water. It's like they don't carry anything on their
backs. No stress, no anxiety. They just quietly go with
the flow. And I think it's this hypnotic peace that
makes me forget about death."

"Then maybe you should do it more often," De-Shi
suggested.

"I can't. They're building more and more factories by
the river, so there are fewer and fewer fish. You can
only see one or two, if you're lucky. But maybe it's for
the best. That way my mom can move on, find someone
else; although she swore she'd only marry God."

De-Shi laughed. "She sounds fun. Hope I can meet her."

"You will." I realized that, despite her craziness, I
missed Mom. Without her, I felt like I was walking with
only one shoe on. What was she up to right now? Probably
saying a prayer, or teaching Spanish, or changing the
flowers on Chico's grave. In short, the life she would
have lived if I had committed suicide. Well, at least
the life I would have wished for her.

I turned my attention back to the glass floor. The
ocean. I was glad to have seen it. And even more glad
that---in its presence---I shared my most intimate
thoughts with De-Shi. Only one of them I didn't dare to
tell him: I'd discovered another thing that made me
forget about death. Being with him.
