## 18.

^^We arrived at Nanliao^^ Harbor and disembarked with
the other tourists. Fishing boats lined the pier,
bobbing quietly under the late-afternoon sky. Some were
white, others azure, and a few donned the color of the
water. Beyond the harbor I spotted Nanliao Village,
described by my pamphlet as a "bright and colorful
place". I agreed. At the back of the village stood the
mountains and hills, peeking between the houses like
timid giants.

Luckily, we didn't need to go far. The hotel we'd booked
sat next to the harbor. We found it immediately after
leaving the pier, thanks to the friendly locals and the
establishment's huge, high-hanging sign.

The hotel resembled the one in Taitung. Not surprising,
since it belonged to the same owner. Making a
reservation had been a smart move to avoid the
cancellation fee.

Like before, we checked in, unpacked, and met in my
room. This time we were too tired to plan anything. Not
that we had much to discuss; we just had to follow the
address Hsin-Yi gave us. And trust that the person
inside would be willing to receive us.

* * *

^^I couldn't sleep. Every^^ time I closed my eyes, a
circus appeared in my head---one featuring acrobatic
dogs, two-legged cows, and jugglers dressed as
cheerleaders. Didn't know why. Maybe the events of the
past month were too much for my brain to contain. Maybe
the black oil had started to overflow.

I turned to the side and looked at the door. What about
De-Shi? Had this black oil begun overflowing in him? As
the first member of the Animal Suicide club, he should
be the most 'polluted' one. Yet, he seemed
psychologically stable. Well, except for this gloomy
mood that surfaced in him every once in a while. Was
this a manifestation of the *darkness*?

I decided to go and find out.

Slipping my hoodie on over my pajamas and putting on my
sneakers, I exited my room and tiptoed to De-Shi's. Just
as I was about to knock on the door, my common sense
kicked in. *Are you crazy?* it said, *it's past
midnight. Besides, what are you going to tell him if he
comes out? 'Hi. I couldn't sleep, so I thought I'd come
and chat with you for a bit.'*

Stupid idea. But it was too late: before I could go back
to my room, the door swung open and De-Shi emerged. He
stood there observing me, in only his boxers and
T-shirt.

"H-how'd you know I was here?" I stuttered.

"Your shoes. They sound like mice copulating."

"Oh." I hopped a few times. I hadn't noticed. 

"What's wrong? Can't sleep?"

"I-I just wanted to ... just wanted to ..."

"Talk?"

I swallowed and nodded.

"Sure," De-Shi said, holding the door for me. "C'mon
in."

I peered inside, then at him again. Okay, not as hard as
I'd thought.

De-Shi's room looked exactly like mine---except, of
course, for his belongings. His science books, his
notebook, his climbing equipment, little objects that
told me something about him, but that, at the same time,
pushed him further into a world of practicality and
knowledge. A world that, at times, I found difficult to
navigate.

He suggested we go to the balcony. Once there, we leaned
on the wooden railing, side by side. This part of the
hotel overlooked the yard. Black silhouettes surrounded
it. Hedges, shrubs, palms. They stirred in the breeze
like restless nocturnal animals.

We watched the scene for a while. De-Shi broke the
silence.

"To tell the truth," he said, "I couldn't sleep either."

I turned to him. "Nervous about tomorrow?"

"No, it's not that."

"Then what?"

Instead of answering, De-Shi gazed vacantly at the night
sky and said, "I've been thinking about what you said in
the bus. The stuff about love."

"Sorry for bringing it up." I blushed in less than a
second. God. Again. I'd become a space heater.

"No, it's okay. Don't apologize for other people's
fears."

"So I was right?" I inquired. "You're afraid of falling
in love?"

"Well, not exactly." De-Shi squinted his eyes until they
formed perfect straight lines. "What I fear isn't love
itself, but its extended *repercussions*."

"Here we go again," I said mockingly, "an explanation
without information."

De-Shi laughed. "How 'bout you? Are you afraid of
falling in love?"

"I don't fall in love." I gazed at the black, starless
sky. "I just slide into relationships that I find less
depressing than the previous one."

"You serious?"

"No." I half-smiled at him. "But I wish it were true.
Life would be a lot less painful without love, don't you
think so?"

"I guess." De-Shi turned back to the yard. "But love's
necessary."

"To make life more meaningful?"

De-Shi shook his head. "It goes back to the caveman
days. At the time, it was impossible to leave babies
alone. They come in to the world defenseless, easy prey
for animals. So, in order for the child to survive, the
women had to stay in the cave while the men went out to
look for food. But this had to be done regularly,
passionately. That's where love came in. The best way
for nature to ensure that cooperation was to create a
strong bond between men and women. A bond as solid as
rock. A bond that---"

I stopped De-Shi mid-sentence with a kiss. Couldn't help
myself. I thought he would push me away, tell me he saw
me as a friend, or worse, just another member of the
club. Instead, he wrapped his arms around me, and with
the softness of a whisper, kissed me back. No, I hadn't
blown it; the universe we'd built together was still in
place. A universe that, in this very instant, had only
one origin, one history. One cosmic pulse.

"Sorry," De-Shi said, his forehead still pressed to
mine. "I'll keep my explanation short next time."

Before he could say anything else, I pulled him into the
room and pushed him down on the bed (accidentally making
his head bump against the headboard). I took off my
clothes and underwear. He was too startled to move, so I
shucked him myself. Now we had nothing on but our socks.

De-Shi had a skinny body. Still, I liked it,
particularly the reliefs formed by his bones. I explored
every inch of that geography with my tongue: his
hill-like pecs, his dune-like abs, the little valley
that was his navel, all of them coated with the
saltiness of the sea. Once done, I climbed on top of
him, grabbed his erection and slid it inside me. It
hurt. But very soon I relaxed and let him settle deep
inside me. Oh, it'd been a while since I experienced
this fleeting but fulfilling feeling. With De-Shi,
though, that fulfillment felt even more perfect. Not an
inch more. Not an inch less.

He came in less than a minute. Scratching his disheveled
hair, he said, "Sorry. Out of practice." 

I told him it didn't matter. That I cared more about
quality than durability. That if it was with him, even
five seconds would be enough to satisfy me.

After that exchange, we lay silently in each other arms,
naked, like two newborns.

Blushing, I said, "Remember when I told you I couldn't
think of anything I enjoyed?" I caressed his hairless
arm. "Well, I can now. *This*."

De-Shi smiled and kissed me.

"Were you surprised?" I asked. "About ... my feelings?"

"Not really. Kinda figured it out when you held my hand
at the Flying Cow Ranch."

"You were awake!"

"Don't be ashamed. It was cute, like a teenager. Can't
say the same about what you just did." He traced his
finger gently over my lips. "You're an expert with your
tongue."

I buried my face on his chest. "Can I make a
confession?"

De-Shi fixed his gaze on me.

"I used to do stuff like this all the time---and not
just with one guy."

He sat up. "You serious?"

"Yeah. But it was just sex, not lovemaking. Not sure why
I did it; it began when I lost interest in life. Maybe I
was desperately trying to find joy in something."

"Sex as treatment for depression." De-Shi stroked his
chin thoughtfully. "Not a bad idea."

"Maybe. Didn't work for me, though. Each encounter left
me dirty, guilty. I felt like a swindler. At first I
thought the victims were the men I lured into bed. Then
I realized that, no, the only one fooled---was me." I
let out a deep sigh. "Bet you think I'm a slut ..."

"Not at all," De-Shi said. "You were a completely
different person at the time. And not just mentally, but
physically. Not sure if you know this, but our
cells---all organism's cells actually---have a life
cycle. Birth, growth, death. This means we're made of
different *stuff* than we were years ago. That without
knowing it, we're constantly being reborn."

I chewed on this and asked, "What happens to our old
'selves'? They die?"

"Exactly. Which means that the connection between our
present and former selves only exists in our minds. In
the form of people, events, memories. That's why history
is so important to us; it's the bridge to our past, our
identity. Who we are."

I nodded, baffled. This was the most philosophical
I-don't-care-you're-not-a-virgin explanation I'd ever
heard.

"So," I said, playing with his nipple, "can I build this
*present* me around you?"

He stared at me, eyes wide, as if he'd seen a distorted
version of himself in them. Or a distorted version of
myself? My heart pounded. Fear spread through my veins.
*Here it comes*, I thought. *Here comes the rejection*.

But it didn't happen.

Instead, he said, "Can I tell you the answer later?
After the trip?

"After the trip?" I echoed. "Why?"

"There's something I won't know until then."

"Um. Okay," I replied, examining each word under a
magnifying glass. What was this *something* he'd only
know after the trip? Or did he say that to avoid hurting
my feelings?

I spent the rest of the night facing De-Shi's back, an
electric fence I didn't dare to touch. And listening to
a silence as deep as the sea.
