## 19.

*^^I think you're overthinking^^ things,* I thought to
myself when I woke up. *Maybe De-Shi was caught off
guard by your question. Don't worry. His warmth,
together with the sun, will come back in the morning.*

Wrong forecast.

He barely spoke to me in the hotel---and now, as we took
a taxi to Miss Hsu's house, he didn't even make eye
contact with me. He just looked out the window, arms
folded, while I looked at him. Such a radical change.
Had the magical moment in his room been a dream? A
hallucination? I regretted that stupid question. My
words seemed to have broken a spell; one that, once in
pieces, could never be put together again.

The taxi left us at a lighthouse. From there, we
clambered down some rocks, followed a sand path, and
stepped onto a beach.

The beach looked as dazzling as from the highway. Being
in front of it, however, felt completely different. The
brown wet sand cooled my feet, the turquoise ocean
caressed my eyes, the white sparkling foam tickled my
skin. It was marvelous. Instead of just watching the
colors I could sense them, seize them, become a part of
them.

I turned to call De-Shi over, but he had gotten too far
away, an eclipsed silhouette under the sun. I let out a
sigh and hurried to catch up with him. "When you love
someone," Mom once told me, "you don't want that person
to miss any second of the world." And that's great. But
what if that person doesn't want to share those seconds
with you?

We continued marching along the beach, the sea breeze
ruffling our T-shirts, the camera trap dangling from
De-Shi's shoulder. After ten or twenty minutes, as
Hsin-Yi had said, we reached Miss Hsu's house. It stood
on a low-slung hill, surrounded by screw pines, bushes,
and waist-high grass. A real jungle.

What impressed me most was the house itself. It
resembled (or perhaps was) a shipping container.
Basically, a rectangular structure made of gray
corrugated steel. No stairs, no balcony. The only
house-like features was a window and a double-layer
roof, probably built to protect the building from the
sun.

We made our way through a narrow path and knocked at the
door. We waited. No sound. Only the surf and the
seabirds overhead.

Not ready to give up, we scoured around the house,
searching for Miss Hsu---but only found more vegetation,
and the remnants of a bonfire. A tall one; layer upon
layers of ash, flaking in the breeze. Had Miss Hsu been
burning something?

We stood there for a moment, wondering where she could
have gone.

"Maybe she went out to buy groceries?" I said.

De-Shi shook his head.

"Maybe to pay her electricity bills?"

He shook his head again.

"Oh, I know. She's buying garden tools to trim this
maze."

Another shake.

"Then suggest something!"

Slowly, De-Shi raised his hand and pointed behind me.

I turned around to face a woman coming our direction.
Probably in her late sixties. But beautiful nonetheless;
she didn't have an inch of extra flesh, and her
wrinkles, rather than accentuating her age, gave her an
air of maturity and mystery. She wore a turtleneck
sweater and a floral skirt that reached above her knee.
Despite the inexpensive clothes, she looked elegant. Her
posture, maybe. She stood so straight she could have
balanced a pot on her head.

She didn't look like a whale researcher. Wait, what was
a whale researcher supposed to look like?

"Miss Hsu?" De-Shi called out.

The woman didn't reply---just stared at us with eyes
that could've been looking at sprouting weeds.

Once she spotted the camera trap, that serenity
shattered; her lips parted, her almost nonexistent
eyebrows arched. No doubt. She was Miss Hsu.

She leaned toward the camera and inspected it. Her
movements were slow and graceful, like a swan's.

"Where did you find this?" Miss Hsu asked. Her voice had
the same delicacy as her image.

De-Shi gulped, also surprised by her sudden appearance.
"Under the Dog Suicide Bridge."

"*Dog Suicide Bridge*," she repeated the name as though
it belonged to a dearly missed hometown. "So you are
from Taipei, I assume."

We both nodded.

"And came here just to return the camera?"

"Also to ask you some questions," De-Shi said. "If you
don't mind, of course."

Miss Hsu eyed us for a moment. Then, standing straight
again, she ambled to her house, pulled out a key from
her purse, and opening the door, she said, "Be my
guests."

De-Shi and I glanced at each other, confused. It was
exactly what we'd wanted, though not what we'd expected.

* * *

"^^Do you think this^^ is a trap?" I whispered to De-Shi
as we followed Miss Hsu. He seemed to be speaking again.
Maybe crisis is the shortest path to reconciliation.

"I doubt it," he muttered.

"Maybe she wants to chop us into bits and throw us in a
blender."

He sighed. "Maybe you watch too many movies."

In the center of the room---the house was only one big
room---we sat at a round wooden table. Miss Hsu asked if
we wanted coffee. We said okay.

While she prepared it, I glanced around the place.
Except for a twin bed and a desk, it looked empty, as if
she'd just moved in. There were even cardboard boxes.
Were they Miss Hsu's belongings? No, impossible. She'd
moved here four month ago, more than enough to unpack. I
leaned over and checked the boxes. Empty.

Before long, Miss Hsu returned with the coffee and
poured a cup for each of us. Sugar? No, thanks.

We sipped our coffee in silence, the steam veiling our
faces, increasing our bodies' temperature a degree or
two.

Miss Hsu finally broke the quiet. "So you are ..."

"Sorry, we forgot to introduce ourselves." De-Shi rose
from his chair. "My name's De-Shi and she is Li-Mei. We
are NTU students---and members of the Animal Suicide
Club."

Miss Hsu tilted her head, long silver hair spilling over
her shoulder. "Animal Suicide Club?"

De-Shi told her what we did, how we did it, and why,
down to the most minuscule details. To boost our
credibility, I figured. Miss Hsu didn't comment, just
looked at him with her calm eyes---the eyes of a person
who has all the time in the world.

"I see," she said, when De-Shi finished. "I wish they'd
had one of those when I was a student. Being one of a
kind is uplifting, but lonely at times."

I couldn't hold back my curiosity. "So you also
investigate animal suicides?"

"Is that what you came to discuss?"

We gave her a nod.

"I understand now." Miss Hsu sipped her coffee and
grimaced, as if finding it too sweet or too bitter. "But
you're wrong. I *used* to investigate animal
suicides---now that I think of it, I should start from
the beginning. Otherwise, you'll be watching the movie
from the middle." 

Miss Hsu set her cup carefully on her saucer. Then,
intertwining her slender, bony fingers, she began.

"I've always been interested in animal suicide. Ever
since childhood. In elementary school, I spent whole
afternoons in the park, catching the bees that buzzed
around the flowers. Once in my grasp, I would press them
against my arm so they would sting me, carrying on their
famous kamikaze attack. Then I would watch the stingless
bees crawl around, until they finally collapsed and
died. In high school, I kept vigil over a calico cat who
was starving herself. The owner, my neighbor, had passed
on to the other side, and she seemed determined to
follow him. I watched her lay outside of the door for
days---doing nothing, just let her body shrink until she
became bones with skin. And died."

Noticing our shocked expressions, Miss Hsu smirked. 

"You think I was sick, I know. So did my parents. That's
why they postponed my senior year of high school and
threw me in a mental hospital, where doctors diagnosed
me with zoosadism and empathy deficit disorder."

I thought about Mom's reaction to the topic. Good thing
she didn't freak out and send me to a convent. "What did
they do to you there?"

"The normal treatment: pills, help groups, therapy
sessions. But they didn't work, because they were being
used to treat a disease that wasn't a disease. You see,
there's a thin line between a disease and an
obsession---with the label, most of the time, unfairly
assigned by society. I'd become a victim of that
injustice. And I hated it, passed through various
phases: anger, pain, hope, despair. Finally, I gave up
fighting and pretended to be a 'normal' person, someone
who didn't enjoy watching suicidal animals. It worked:
after a few easy months, they stopped the treatment and
released me as 'mentally sound'.

"And I adhered to that plan for the next four years; I
stayed away from animal suicide, only digging into it
when I didn't have eyes on me. But that made me feel
empty. Unsatisfied. That's when I realized that I
couldn't repress my obsession. My true nature.
Therefore, once I finished university, I decided to take
a risk and let it roam free."

"I don't understand," De-Shi interrupted. "Then why did
you become a conservationist?"

"I didn't," Miss Hsu confessed, her lips slightly
curling at the corners. "It was a facade." After setting
down her cup, she went over to the front window and
stood there, gazing out. "If I wanted to dedicate my
life to animal suicide, I had to find a way to do it in
a socially acceptable way. So I did an extensive
research, finally stumbling across the Taitung Whale
Protection Association. The word immediately popped up
in my head. "Strandings." I knew some of them were
intentional, like the case of the pygmy whales in 2010,
or the pink dolphin that same year. I also knew I would
not only have the chance to get information, but to
actually be on the spot. It was perfect. A 'wet' dream
come true."

I said, "But wasn't that a little---?"

"Immoral?" Miss Hsu turned around. "Perhaps. But if you
think about it, I was performing the same activity as my
peers: scientific research. True, they were doing it for
the sake of the animals, and I was doing it for my own.
But who's to say which reason is better? Who's to say
that saving animals is more important than human
curiosity?"

I lowered my head, questioning Miss Hsu's moral code.
But wasn't I doing the same? Investigating animal deaths
for my own benefit?

"So did that *curiosity* yield any results?" De-Shi
intervened, probably wanting to stick to the facts. "Did
you find out if animals commit suicide?"

Miss Hsu shook her head, then turned back to the window.
"It seems like fifty years isn't enough for that,
perhaps not even a lifetime. 

"But let's say it's true---that animals commit suicide
like humans do. Why assume they have a reason to die?
What if they realized that there isn't a good reason to
live? That it isn't worth it to stay alive just to be
devoured by predators, or squashed inside a Big Mac?"

De-Shi set down his cup. Still full. "Is that why you
quit everything---the conservation group and the
investigation at the Dog Suicide Bridge? You realized it
wasn't worth the trouble?"

Miss Hsu nodded. "That's my conclusion after all these
years. If there are no answers, why keep going? It's
like combing sand on the beach, or trying to cut water
with a knife."

Silence enveloped the room. Oh no, investigating animal
suicides had been useless, then? But all those hours,
all those evenings---our efforts couldn't have amounted
to nothing. *Something* has to happen when you push a
rock. The energy spent can't just be sucked into a
vacuum. Can it?

I turned to De-Shi. His eyes had begun to cloud over,
and for an instant, I thought his gloomy mood would
surface again.

It didn't; he wiped the sweat from his forehead and said
to Miss Hsu, "So, you won't investigate animal suicides
again." 

"At least not in this life."

"Then can we take your papers and essays with us?" he
asked. "Since you won't need them?" 

"Sure, they don't mean anything to me anymore." Miss Hsu
came back to the table, without sitting down. "There's
only one problem: I burned them all."

"What?" De-Shi and I blurted out.

"They occupied too much space," Miss Hsu said, glancing
at the empty boxes. "So I burned them."

"But no one will see your work," I protested. "It's lost
forever."

"No academics would have cried over their ashes; I never
met one who cared about animal suicide. In any case,
it's useless to cry over them. They're already gone."
She remained still, as though she'd been visited by the
ghost of a thought. "No, that's not right. I still have
the one I was working on here."

My theory had been right. "Is this research the reason
you came to Green Island?"

To my disappointment, Miss Hsu shook her head. "I wanted
to distance myself from the world, from my old life---so
I could think about this new one. Its ugliness. Its
meaninglessness. The research was to keep myself busy.
But I don't plan to work on it anymore."

She glided to her desk, retrieved a gray folder from one
of the drawers, and returned to the table.

"I hope you find it useful," Miss Hsu said with a
lopsided smile.

* * *

^^We decided to return^^ to the hotel in the same way
we'd left: by taxi. The sun had already sunk behind the
hills. Now, its light bathed the beach in red, turned
the ocean into a huge mass of blood. The sight reminded
me of a verse from the Bible: "The second angel blew his
trumpet, and something like a great mountain, burning
with fire, was thrown into the sea, and a third of the
sea became blood." I'd never understood the passage, or
why Mom read it to me as a bedtime story. I only knew
that it had to do with the end of world. The Armageddon.
Why do we crave our own destruction so much? Is it
because we think of it as some kind of salvation?

De-Shi was still reading Miss Hsu's paper, the one she'd
been working on when her love for animal suicide had
started to die. He looked unsettled. His hands trembled,
his arms twitched, and his mouth formed a muted O.

Concerned, I leaned over to have a peek. 

The paper had only ten pages. No title. No index. No
writing, either; it only contained graphs and equations
that filled the pages like tattoos on bare skin. Each
told a story, though not one I could comprehend. It
wasn't until De-Shi reached the last page that I saw
written text. Two lines. We stared at it for a long time
without uttering a single word.

> September 9, 2014 - 6:00pm.
>
> Three big planets will fall on this beach.

September 9. Wait, wasn't that tomorrow?
