## 21.

^^We took a taxi^^ to Miss Hsu's cottage and arrived at
ten a.m. Eight hours before the so-called planet's
landings. Despite this the sky looked normal; gray,
overcast, with shards of sunrays that cut through the
clouds and faded on the surface of the water. Once
again, I thought of a Bible verse: "And God said, 'Let
there be light', and there was light' ..." Today,
however, I wasn't witnessing the origin of the
world---but its end. At least according to Miss Hsu's
gospel.

De-Shi and I pushed through her yard. The vegetation
seemed denser than I remembered. Perhaps this little
world had its own laws, its own time flow. Once in front
of the cottage, we knocked at the door. No reply. We
searched and called her name---first around the cottage
and then along the beach. Nothing. Miss Hsu was
definitely not in the vicinity.

I squinted at the shimmering green hills behind the
house. "Maybe she went to build an underground shelter?"

"It's possible," De-Shi replied.

"Should we do the same?"

De-Shi turned and gazed at the sea. His curly hair
reflected the grayness of the clouds, mirroring their
appearance. "You can. I'll stay."

"What? Why?"

"If the world's gonna end, I wanna see it with my own
eyes."

"You're not afraid of dying?"

De-Shi shook his head. "And I think Miss Hsu's
prediction is highly improbable."

After some hesitation, I gripped his arm and leaned my
head on his shoulder. "I'll stay with you."

"You sure?" De-Shi asked, though he didn't sound
surprised.

"I already tried to die once. I don't mind doing it
again. Besides, what good is saving yourself if you're
leaving your loved ones behind?"

De-Shi smiled. It had been so long since I'd seen his
smile, it shone like a sun. "All right."

* * *

^^De-Shi and I sat^^ on the shore, our eyes locked on
the sky, witnessing our second sunset in Taitung. Oddly,
I didn't find it depressing this time. I could finally
see its beauty. The fine wavy clouds. The coin-shaped
sun. The orange and vanilla in the sky, acting as a
countdown for the end of the day. Looking at them, it
hit me: endings could be graceful, death could be
graceful. There was nothing to fear.

I glanced at my watch. The hands showed 5:46.

"De-Shi?" I whispered, still pressed against his arm.
Miniature waves lapped my feet like dog tongues.

He lowered his head, tickling my forehead with his hair.
"Yes?"

"Can you please forget what I said two nights ago? I
want us to be like before. Hear you call me Hanging Pup
again."

A shiver coursed through De-Shi's body. Or maybe I'd
imagined it?

"Li-Mei ... there's nothing wrong with you. It's me."

"I've heard that one before."

"No, I'm serious." De-Shi stroked a fingertip across his
sunburn. It looked darker than before. Purple. "The
problem is, I have a something---something like a shadow
lurking inside me."

"A shadow?" I asked, looking up at him. "What kind?"

"One that torments me ... feeds on my bad thoughts."

"So, it's dangerous?"

He entwined his hand with mine. "Very much."

"And you're afraid this *shadow* may hurt me?"

"Something like that." He returned his gaze to the
ocean.

I followed De-Shi's eyes, wondering what this shadow
could be. Was it something like a disease? Did it have
big *repercussions*?

"That's right," he suddenly said. "I never told you my
story, how I became passionate about animal suicide. It
isn't as interesting as yours or Miss Hsu's, though."

"I don't care! I've been waiting ages to hear it."

"Okay." De-Shi inhaled deeply, as if his tale would take
all of his breath. "It all began with a marble."

"A marble?"

"My friends and I were crazy about them in elementary
school; we even had a favorite each. Mine was brownish
orange with four black stripes. I called it Amber
Tiger."

De-Shi smiled at the memory. An innocent, childlike
smile that warmed my heart.

"We were playing at the school playground one afternoon.
It was my turn and only one marble remained in the
circle. If I hit it, I won. I held Amber Tiger between
my index finger and my thumb, and shot.

"But I failed: I not only left the marble inside the
circle, I sent Amber Tiger rolling into the forest next
to the playground. My friends burst out laughing. They
said, 'Nice shot, Tiger.' Then the bell rang and they
darted to class, leaving me there, wondering what to do
next. Not a difficult decision: if I wanted my marble
back, I had to enter the forest. The Swallowing Woods."

"*The Swallowing Woods*?" I spat out. "The forest where
*that* girl disappeared?"

"That's right."

"Did you know her?"

"She was in a different class. Just crossed paths with
her a couple of times."

I still remembered the news. The girl had been playing
hide-and-seek with her friends, picking the forest as
her hiding spot. In the end, her friends couldn't find
her---neither the teachers nor the police. She'd just
vanished. That's why people baptized the forest the
Swallowing Woods.

"But wait," I said. "I heard they put up a fence after
that. How did the marble---?"

"A *wire* fence," De-Shi clarified. "Which I climbed
over."

"Why?" I asked.

He gazed off into the pink horizon. "My elder brother
gave me Amber Tiger before joining the army. He told me
it was a piece of his heart. That no matter if he
*disappeared* out there, a bit of him would always stay
with me. That's why that marble meant so much to me,
even after he came back home."

"Wait," I said, "you have an elder brother? How come you
never told me?"

"How come you never asked?"

I groaned. "Okay, so you went into the forest ..."

He nodded. "And I won't lie. I was terrified---glancing
around every five steps, expecting to be engulfed by the
trees any second, like the girl. At some point, I even
thought of giving up and returning to school.

"But then, I saw it. Amber Tiger. I was lucky: the last
sunrays were shining directly on it, making it look like
a tiny ball of flame. A flame I could see in spite of
the trees and darkness."

De-Shi coughed, then resumed.

"My real luck, though, was that Amber Tiger had stopped
right at the mouth of a rabbit cave. If it had rolled
inside, it would never have seen the light of day again.
Quickly, I sprang to the cave and snatched the marble.
Relief washed over me. I could finally leave the forest.
But just as I was starting to run, Amber Tiger suddenly
burst. *Puff*, like a balloon, filling my hand with
sticky goo."

My eyes widened. "You serious?"

"As serious as a heart attack."

"W-what happened then?"

"I lost consciousness." De-Shi pressed his finger to his
sweat-soaked temple. "And to this day, I haven't been
able to find out why. Maybe it was the shock of seeing
something solid explode, something dear to me vanish
before my eyes. But that's just a theory."

"One thing we know for sure," I said, "you weren't
swallowed by the forest."

"Luckily not."

"But how did you get out of it?"

"My friends and homeroom teacher found me two hours
later," De-Shi replied. "I was still unconscious, so
they carried me back to school and called the ambulance.
They told me all this when I finally woke up at the
hospital."

"Did they tell you what happened to you in the forest?"

"My teacher did. The next day. He explained to me that I
hadn't stumbled into a rabbit hole but a colony of ants,
probably after being visited by an anteater or another
animal. And that I hadn't picked up Amber Tiger but an
*exploding ant*. You know what exploding ants are,
right?"

I nodded. "I even talked about them at a family dinner."

"Family dinner?" De-Shi said, scratching the back of his
head. "I don't know why, but I can picture that. Anyway,
I understood everything my teacher told me---everything
except the part about the ant exploding. I thought, *Why
would an animal kill itself?* My understanding of
zoology was poor, but I knew animals would do anything
to survive: birds would use their wings to fly from
snakes, zebras their legs to run from lions, and so on.
Unfortunately, he couldn't give me an answer. He just
shrugged and said, 'That's how nature works.'

"Obviously, his reply didn't satisfy me. So I decided to
find out for myself. I went to the Internet and searched
for everything I could about animal suicide. Articles,
photos, videos. My question remained a question, but I
learned about other cases of animal suicide. The topic
captivated me, and the more I read about it, the more
excited I became. I don't know why. Maybe that tiny
explosion in the forest opened something in my mind.
Something like the wall of a dam."

De-Shi extended his arm, mimicking water rushing out.

"This *flow* motivated me to dig deeper into animal
suicide in elementary, then high school, then pick
animal science at university. And, well, you know the
rest. I founded the Animal Suicide Club, met you and
Cath---and now here we are, you and me, waiting for the
end of the world."

I let his words hang in the air for a second. "Your
story wasn't boring at all. Also, not every experience
has to be earth-shaking. Sometimes the simplest are the
most meaningful."

"Glad I didn't disappoint you."

"I'm curious. Did you finally find your marble?"

He leaned to the side and pulled something from his
pocket. Amber Tiger! In the setting sun, it looked like
a smoldering ember. This was the object that had lit
De-Shi's childhood and guided him to the enthralling
world of animal suicide.

"But how---?"

"One of my friends found it," De-Shi said. "Turns out,
it didn't roll into the forest. A rock stopped it. But
my conviction blinded me, prevented me from looking at
the ground." He opened my palm and carefully dropped
Amber Tiger onto it. To my surprise, it was ice-cold.
And so smooth, I felt like I wasn't holding anything.

He pointed at the marble. "It's yours."

"What?" I blurted out. "But it means the world to you
..."

"You're the one who rekindled my passion for animal
suicide. To be honest, it had almost extinguished. Like
Miss Hsu, I was tired of the lack of progress, and began
wondering if any of this made sense. But after meeting
you, the feeling came back. You reminded me of my
teenage self---his eagerness, his insatiable curiosity.
That's why I want to give you Amber Tiger. To say thanks
on his behalf."

Tears streaming from my eyes, I wrapped myself around
De-Shi and kissed him. No, his warmth hadn't faded. It
had just been hibernating like a frog in winter. But now
the snow had melted, and the frog was ready to greet the
spring, to come to life again.

"Thanks," I said, peering down at the blurry image of
the marble. "I'll put it with my grandma's tooth."

"Your grandma's tooth?" De-Shi sputtered. "I better not
ask."

We shared a comfortable silence for a few seconds.

"By the way," I said, glancing at my watch, "it's 6:01.
Shouldn't the planets be here already?"

We rose to our feet and looked up. Purple sky, with
faint, scattered specks of orange. Two flickering stars
had appeared, together with the moon which was, for the
time being, just a faded silver arc.

Lovely. But where were the planets?

De-Shi and I continued staring at sky---and that's when
I heard it: a loud splashing, like a water scooter
speeding out of control.

I lowered my eyes to face a group of huge waves.

Rushing straight toward us.

"De-Shi!" I screamed, pointing.

But before he could look, the waves hit us. The
explosion deafened me. I swallowed gallons of water.
Only saw bubbles. I thought I would face the same
destiny as my father, become human flotsam. But no.
After a few seconds, the waves receded, leaving me face
up on the wet sand. Alive. Still breathing.

The world hadn't ended?

Coughing out water, I sat up and raised my stinging
eyes. My heart almost stopped. I was face to face with a
giant, wrinkled eye---so big I could see my entire
reflection on the iris. An elephant? No, elephants
didn't frequent the beach. I stepped back to take a
better look. A whale! More specifically a sperm whale:
block-shaped head, narrow low jaw, V-shaped tail. Never
imagined I'd be so close to one of them. Let alone on
land.

Wait, I was forgetting something. De-Shi. I heard him
coughing on the other side of the whale, so I sprang up
and ran around the animal. Because of its bus-like
proportions, the feat left me out of breath. Still, I
continued looking for De-Shi---who I found sitting on
the sand, a few inches from the whale. Thank God! 

I helped him up carefully, plucking seaweed from his
hair. "You okay?"

De-Shi nodded, spitting out water and sand. When he
looked up, his face showed the same shock as mine.

"Crazy, right?" I sputtered. "We almost got squashed by
a whale!"

He shook his head, pointing behind me. "Not only one
..."

"What?" I turned around, and couldn't believe it. There
were another two! As massive and striking as the first
one. The three of them lay on the sand, their tiny tails
paddling absent water, their wrinkly skin glistening
under the setting sun. *Three planets will land on this
beach.* Now I understood what Miss Hsu had meant. But
how did she know the exact time and place they'd arrive?
Was it a meticulous calculation? Or mere luck?

We watched them dumbstruck for a moment.

"Quick!" I said, staggering toward the whales. "Let's
push them back to the sea!"

Instead of following me, De-Shi sat on the sand again,
hunched over. "We can't."

I looked at him, then at the whales again. He was right.
It would take more than a boy and a girl to do the work.

"What should we do then?" I asked.

De-Shi pulled out his phone, wiped the screen with his
sleeve, and began typing. "I'll look for the number of
the whale conservation group. The current one." He did
all this lethargically, almost in slow-motion. His
gloomy mood again? Or did he felt bad about the whales?

* * *

^^We waited for the^^ whale conservation group to
arrive, then spent the rest of the evening watching them
do their work. They'd brought over their trucks and
digger and, one by one, loaded the sperm whales onto
them. I felt sad. The whales died before the team
arrived---splashing water on them hadn't been enough, or
perhaps the problem had been our limited number of
hands.

De-Shi and I decided not to ask the people if the whales
had stranded *intentionally*; we found it inappropriate
to conduct our research, or to follow the team to the
conservation area. Plus we couldn't help the whales.
All we could do was wish them a good trip, and hope that
none of them would burst on the way.

And that's how our trip to Taitung ended. We never found
out about Miss Hsu's whereabouts---she had just
vanished, like wisps of smoke. Only her words remained
with us. *Why assume they have a reason to die? What if
they realized that there isn't a good reason to live?*
