## 22.

^^De-Shi became even more^^ distant after we returned to
Taipei. No, not more. *Completely*. He ignored my phone
calls, text messages, and emails. Didn't reply a single
time. He also seemed to have taken measures to avoid me
in person. He quit the animal behavior class and stopped
frequenting the places where our paths crossed. That
obviously included the club, which now, without us,
would be as empty as the bottom of a dried up well. As a
last resort, I went to his apartment and knocked on the
door, but he didn't answer.

No doubt about it. De-Shi didn't want to see me anymore.

The fact hit me so hard it stunned me. I did nothing for
the next few days; just stared at the ceiling, had
sleeping marathons, and checked my phone in case De-Shi
had replied. Now and then, I'd muster up enough energy
to drag myself to class (something I had to do if I
wanted to stay at the university). Once in my seat,
though, I could barely pay attention. I found everything
so ridiculous. What was the point of reading Thoreau's
hippie essays? Poe's creepy tales? Hemingway's novels
about bullfights?

Only one of those classes was worth it. A monday. American Literature. I was in my seat, alone, listless as usual when this person sat next to the seat next to mine. It annoyed me a little. How did this person dare to sit in the empty seat next to mine! Okay, I admit I was a bit irritable at that time. Everything irritated me. People, animals, flowers. Often, I wished all that disappeared, so I wouldn't have to see them anymore.

But wait, this person had a familiar scent. Strawberry. It only could be.

"Saki?" I turned to her. She didn't have short hair anymore; she in fact looked like before---I meant before before---when we were in the dorm. When I was still less unhappy than now. "I can't belive it's you ... what are you doing---"

"Well," she said with her childish smile of her. "You tried my department, so I thought---why don't I do the same?"

I smiled at her. "That's good. You can't image how much I learned by going there. And the club"

"Really?"

I nodded. "A lot I would say."

"I'm glad." She took out the colossal American Literature book that we had to carry every day to here. "I can't say the same about my club though. I didn't lean much. Just learned how to pretend to be someone else just to please people I didn't want to be like."

"I'm sorry," I said, really feeing for her. "I'm sure it would get better. Maybe you should stay longer, maybe they aren't as bad as that." Honestly, I didn't think it was going to get any better. I was just trying to comfort her.

"Actually, I already quit the club," Saki said, looking down, a somber expression in her face.

"Oh," I said, knowing that it wasn't the best reaction from a friend. "I understand ... so do you feel bad about that?"

"Not really," she said. "Actually, I feel free. Funny, we spent a lot of time trying to get something. Months, years. Only to realize we don't really want it. Life's really funny."

"Well, I think you don't end up totally empty handed. As bad or empty an experience is, you always end up with something."

"Yeah, maybe you're right," Saki said lying flat on her book. "So, what about you? Do you feel empty?"

I let out a sigh. "So empty the hole goes right through me."

Saki unsmiled. "What happend? I thought you were happy in the club."

I let out another sigh. "It's a long, long story. Well, not that long. But---sorry, I don't want to talk about it. No I mean, I don't know *how* to talk about it."

"Oki doki," Saki said. "I understand that if you told me I wouldn't understand."

I smiled at Saki. "Thanks for understanding."

"But you know," Saki said, suddenly turning into her serious self. "Being empty for too long isn't good. It's like a finger---if it doesn't have blood, the outer flesh and skin also dies---oh, sorry that wasn't a very nice imagery"

We both laughed and the traces of the past with Saki came back to me. The smell of the dorm. The classes that we used to take together, just now. Talking on little strips of paper when we didn't want to listen to the class. Just like the movie Vanilla Sky said, "The little things ... is there something bigger?"

That was the only speck of sun that week. After it, the anguish came back, and the day became dark again. Even my unperceptive mom became aware of my state.

"Li-Mei," she said. "Are you sure that okay means okay?"

I sighed on the pillow. "Okay, mom, Maybe I'm not *that* okay."

"Do you think we should---see a doctor?"

"I don't think they can help."

"How about a---priest?"

I frowned. "Mom, I'm not poccessed."

"Then what it is?"

I groaned, giving up, giving her the real account of the situation.

"Oh, honey," Mom said. "Maybe God didn't want you to be with him. Be patient, honey. He'll send you a handsome boy, very
soon."

So time passed, slow, sluggish, like a murky swamp. And
I thought this period of lethargy would last forever.

But no, things were going to get worse.

* * *

^^A month had passed^^ since De-Shi started avoiding me.
I was alone in my apartment, writing my twenty-fourth
text message to him:

> Sorry for calling you a jerk in the last message (even
> though you're acting like one). But could you please
> please reply? Anything would do, even a damn emoticon.
> PS: I broke a pipe while I was trying to get into your
> apartment. Tell the landlord I'll pay for it.

I pressed ^^send^^ and slumped back on my bed, wondering
what was keeping me from suicidal thoughts. Maybe it was
the microscopic hope that De-Shi would show up, or at
least reply to one of my messages. But what if he
replied, confirming my fears? What was worse: doubt or
the uncomfortable truth?

While ruminating on this, my phone rang. Sunday morning.
Mom had gone to church. That only left---

I snatched up the phone. "De-Shi?"

"Sup, Pup." That raspy voice.

"Cath! You're alive! I thought you'd been killed and
thrown into a river."

"Thanks for the optimism."

"Where have you been all this time?" I asked.

"Yilan. With a guy. He owns a surf shop there."

"A guy?" I said, recalling Cath's sexual preference.
"You mean *guy* as in man?"

"Yap, a human male. But isn't what you think. He's an
old classmate ... and he's gay."

"I see." A lesbian zoologist and a gay surfer. Not your
conventional pair.

"I'll tell you more about it later," Cath said. "I
called to talk about De-Shi."

"Oh." I jumped up. "You met him? What did he say? Did he
talk about me? Did he tell you why he's avoiding me?"

"Hey, can you calm down and let me explain?"

I swallowed. "Sorry."

Cath sighed. "Now that I think of it, let's talk in
person. Never liked talking on the phone, anyway. Makes
my migraines go wild."

"Okay." I let a long silence hang between us. "You sure
you don't wanna tell me now?"

"Do that again and I hang up."

We agreed to meet at six p.m., at a sushi bar and grill
in front of NTU. Luckily, I left home an hour earlier,
so I arrived on time despite getting lost.

The place had dark lighting and bright paper lanterns,
rounded tables and square wooden bars. Seemed to fit all
kinds of people. Those who wanted to be seen and those
who wanted to hole up, those celebrating a birthday and
those mourning a breakup.

I spotted Cath immediately, sitting at the table nearest
to the toilet. She wore normal clothes today: black tank
top, ripped jeans, pink Nike sneakers. It felt weird,
like she'd forgotten to put on makeup.

Instead of going to the empty seat, I ran over and
hugged her, breathing in her familiar scent. How I'd
missed her!

"Easy, Pup, easy," Cath said, patting my back. "Or I'll
change my mind about you not being my type."

I released her and settled into my chair. On top of the
table sat a plate of sushi---roe, salmon, octopus---and
a glass of beer. Underneath lay Cath's purse and a
bottle crate with four empty Heinekens. Four. Maybe her
migraines were striking hard tonight.

I ordered sushi rolls and a beer to accompany Cath. As
soon as the waitress left, I asked, "Did you meet
De-Shi?"

"Uh-huh," she answered, "two weeks ago."

"Why didn't you tell me!"

"Hey, I don't have your number, remember? I had to
threaten your department's secretary to get it."

"Oh, you're right." I crossed my arms over my body. "So,
my questions on the phone ..."

Cath sipped her beer. Some of it remained on her red
bottom lip; dewdrops on a withered rose petal. "No, he
didn't talk about you. But I know why he was giving you
the cold shoulder. You see, De-Shi ... he had his
*issues* too. Things darker than we can imagine. Deeper
than we can imagine. In fact, he once joked that if
people were caves, he would be one that goes straight to
the bottom of the earth. And that stuff worried him.
What if his loved ones fell inside and could never come
out?" She drank from her glass again. "But anyway, it's
different now---he's not meeting you, not because he
doesn't want to, but because he *can't*."

"Because he can't?" I repeated. "Why? Is he sick or
something?"

"Worse than that." Cath fell silent for a moment, a
moment that felt like an hour, an hour that felt like an
eternity. "He's dead."

I thought about the words that had came out from
her mouth. I knew what they meant---still, I couldn't
arrange them in way that made sense. De-Shi dead. Dead
De-Shi. I might as well have been putting together
pieces from different jigsaw puzzles.

"This is a j-joke, right?" I asked.

"No," Cath said, "and if it were, it would've been a
pretty bad one." She slumped against the wall and
released a sigh. The lantern hanging on it exposed the
redness of her eyes and slug-like trails on her powdery
face.

"So," I muttered, "h-how did he---?"

"He committed suicide."

Cath told me they found him hanging in his parent's
house. He'd used his climbing rope, tied so that he
could pull himself up from the floor. She saved the
details, figuring his death was shocking enough for me.
She guessed right. Not only my body became paralyzed,
but my mind. It couldn't produce a single thought. It
was as if someone had stumbled over a cord and shut down
my brain, turning it into a dark chamber for a few
seconds.

When the electricity finally came back, I asked, "H-how
do you know all this?"

"The detective in charge of De-Shi's case questioned
me."

My back went cold. "They're looking for suspects?"

Cath shook her head. "It's just the normal procedure. I
think you're next."

"What? W-what should I---?"

"Don't worry. I'll give ya some tips."

Cath and I spent the rest of the night talking about my
upcoming interrogation. What they would ask me. What I
should reply. Above all, I had to remain calm and only
answer with the truth. *Truth*. With De-Shi gone, was
there any left?

We decided to leave around eleven---after finishing two
plates of sushi and sixteen bottles of beers between the
two of us.

Before parting, Cath grabbed my arm and said, "Hey,
let's do this again. I know this may sound weird coming
from me, but the best thing you can do now is to be with
people. Grief strikes harder when you're alone."

"Okay," I said.

"And don't do anything *crazy* in the meanwhile. You
hear me?"

"Yes, Cath."

After putting on her Felix the Cat helmet, she waved
goodbye, hopped on her motorcycle, and zipped off,
merging into the ocean of gray cars and smoke-belching
scooters, dingy motels and faded shop signs.

With Cath gone, I pulled out my phone and typed my last
message to De-Shi.

> Idiot! You can't be dead! What about my answer? And you
> broke your promise, you said you'll never leave me
> alone. How can you live with yourself!

I struggled writing the message; each time I wiped a
tear from the screen, more fell on it, like raindrops on
a windshield. Finally I succeeded and pressed ^^send^^.
After tucking my phone back into my pocket and drying my
eyes on my sleeve, I stepped onto the escalator leading
down into the subway. My next thought was a cliché, but
it was exactly how I felt.

*How can I keep on living without De-Shi?*
