## 23.

I stood in front of De-Shi's home, staring at the wooden apartment door. This was the fourth time that I rose my fist and didn't knock. And the fourth time that I felt like crap for it. I realized the that I'd never been brave---I was just sometimes that I forgot about my cowardness.

However, I had already agreed to meet the detective. It was an official request---so I cound't back out.

Gulping, I rose my fist for the fifth time and knocked.

Aftet a moment, a tall woman came out from the door. Curly hair. Small eyes. The similary with De-Shi made my heart ache. My memories stab me. Dammit. Why do family members have to look so alike? She glared at me as though I had kiiled De-Shi. Or maybe I had?

She was about to open her mouth---to say something I didn't want to know about---when the detective came to the rescue. He stood next to her. He had a leather cardigan, a mustache, and a top hat. He could have just come from a detective movie.

"Welcome, Ms Lin," he said, taking off his hat. "Please come in."

The house looked incredibly tidy; every chair and table was in the right angle. Every napkin, candle, and kitchenware aligned with each other in almost ninety degrees. It was either the work of a pefect housewife or an obsessive one.

The detective guided me to the living room where I sat and De-Shi's mother offered some orange juice. I thanked her wishing that she hadn't put any poison in it.

At the end there wasn't poison in it; but surely there was in De-Shi mother's mouth. She bombarded me with questions. "What was my relationship with De-Shi?" "Did I cheat on him?" "Was I pregnant?" I explained we'd just been friends, members from the same club.

"Then why did he kill himself!" De-Shi's mom burst out
crying, her eyes puffy, as if she was having an allergic
reaction. "He had a happy family, a happy childhood, a
happy university life."

"Sorry, I don't know ..."

"You do! You upset him. Only a girl could have messed up
his life!"

I looked down at the glass table, an onset of tears
stinging my eyes. Could De-Shi's mother be right? Could
I be the one responsible for his death?

"Please relax, Mrs. Tsai," said the detective, adjusting his leather jacket. "Miss Lin seems to be telling the truth. It fits her statement. Besides, you already saw the letter."

"What letter?" I asked, blinking at the detective.

He pulled an envelope from his jacket and gently laid it
on the table. Hesitating, I leaned forward and picked it
up. Brown. No stamp. No stickers. The only decoration
were some handwritten words on the back. ^^To Hanging
Pup^^.

"Looks like it's for you," the detective said. Now even
the police department knew my nickname. "Sorry for
reading it. It was our only clue. Unfortunately, we
didn't find anything useful inside."

I asked, "De-Shi left a suicide note that doesn't
explain his suicide?"

"That's correct."

"But I don't understand," Mrs. Tsai said, still sobbing.
"Why leave one to this girl? She meant nothing to him."

"Maybe I did." I returned my eyes to the letter, wiping
my fallen tears, tracing my fingers over De-Shi's
refined calligraphy. Then I stood up and, bowing to Mrs.
Tsai, said, "And I want you to know, Mrs. Tsai, that
De-Shi also meant something to me. No, not something.
Everything. He was my streetlight when my road became
dark. My tutor after everyone else gave up on me. He ...
he showed me the wonders of life, love, and animal
sui---science. That's why I'm thankful to him. He's
someone I'll never forget."

De-Shi's mom cried again. This time she didn't stop. I
tried to put my hand on her shoulder, but she pushed me
away. I took that as my sign to leave; I apologized
again, said goodbye to the detective, and left the
house. (De-Shi's mom forbade me to come to De-Shi's
funeral despite my honest speech.) Once on the sidewalk,
I pulled out Amber Tiger and held it in my palm, like I
did that sunset with De-Shi at the beach. I thought of
swallowing it, so he could live forever inside me. No,
you can't bring someone back to life. Once gone, that
person is gone for good, stops being a moving force in
this world.

Unless---

Quickly, I took out my phone and called Cath. She picked
up on the first ring.

"Don't tell me you screwed up."

"Thanks for the optimism," I said. "But no, it's
something else."

"Spit it out."

I toyed with Amber Tiger, already warm in my hand. "You
still have the key to the club?"

* * *

^^The club looked completely^^ different after Cath and
I decorated it. Balloon animals, serpentine ribbons, a
large sign that said, ^^Welcome puppies and kittens^^.
Next to the bar, we set a banquet table with sushi,
snacks, and---to Cath's insistence---alcoholic punch.
The event looked more like a birthday party than an
orientation activity. But that'd been our intention: to
show that we were celebrating the beginning of a life
rather than its end.

"I gotta admit," Cath said, "organizing this was a
*neat* idea." She'd insisted on wearing a fox costume to
make the guests feel more comfortable. Needless to say,
it caused the opposite effect. The three of them---two
girls and a boy---stood as far as they could from her,
stuttering and fiddling with their fingers each time she
approached them. Poor fellas.

"Yeah," I replied. "I figured keeping the Animal Suicide
Club alive was the best way to pass on De-Shi's legacy."

Cath gave me a nod, her little fox ears flapping up and
down. "I'm sure this is what he would've wanted."

"How about you?" I asked. "What's your next project?"

"Besides continuing to pretend I'm a fox? I'm moving in
with the guy I told you about. He has an apartment in
Taipei."

I almost dropped my plate. "Really?"

"Yeah, I kinda enjoy being with him. Doesn't mind my
drinking, my swearing, my clothes---I can be one-hundred
percent myself around him."

"But how? You're a ... he's a ..."

"He's not exactly a he. She's transgender. So
*technically* I'll still be in a relationship with a
woman. As for her, she wants to try the other sex. Had
too many bad experiences with pricks."

"I see ..." I felt as if she were explaining a math
problem. "Wow, Cath settling down. I thought you were a
lone wolf."

"Even lone wolves return to the pack sometimes." She
sipped her punch. "How 'bout you?"

"Not thinking of settling down yet."

Cath shook her fox head. "No, I mean, what do you wanna
do from now on?"

I took a bite of my cone sushi. Then, staring at the
dent I'd made, I said, "Well, I---"

"How about taking charge of the club?"

I raised my head. "What?"

"Yeah. You're perfect: smart, enthusiastic, nutty. Plus,
who wouldn't want to join a club with a president called
Hanging Pup?"

"I don't know. I---"

"All right, no one's forcing you."

"It's not that," I said, wiping bits of rice off my
chin. "Actually, I'd love to do it---become the
president of the club that De-Shi built. Nothing would
make me happier." I paused to gather the right words.
"The problem is, I won't be here in Taipei. I'm going on
a trip."

Cath's huge eyes widened even further. "What? Where?"

"I'm---not sure of the name of the place, or what it
looks like. Guess I'll know when I get there."

"It's to erase---the bad thoughts?"

"To erase everything," I said, in a near whisper.

"What about the club?"

"That's why I want to ask, can you handle things while
I'm gone?"

"Well, I---"

"Please?" I pressed her hands together as in prayer.

"Okay. You win." Cath clamped a paw on my shoulder, a
firm grip. "But you're coming back, right?"

I winked at her. "Every wolf returns to the pack."

"Um, excuse me," a voice stammered.

I turned around to face the girl with the jellyfish
haircut. She had wide, round eyes that flicked from side
to side, and long, bony fingers that fiddled with each
other. The shy type. In that restlessness, though, in
that anxiety, I could see a flame. A flame that I'd had
the privilege to carry. A flame that, if protected well,
can grow into a blazing luminary.

"Yes?" I replied.

"Uh, I wanted to ask you something ... not sure if it's
a silly question."

I squinted. "Do you know the answer?"

The girl shook her head.

"Then it's not a silly question," I said politely.
"What do you want to ask?"

With a nod as if to agree with herself, she asked, "Do
animals really commit suicide? If so, why do they do
it?"

I looked at the her for a time, her words forming
ripples in a stagnant pond in my mind, one that I hadn't
tended or visited in quite some time. Finally, I leaned
toward her, and with a smile said, "Sorry, I don't
know. But it's a good question. How about we join forces
and find out together?"

The girl smiled back and nodded. After that she excused
herself and dashed back to the other guests.

Cath laughed. "Seems like you're the perfect role model
for the younger generation to follow."

I let out a sigh. "I hope not."
