## 24.

^^I was alone, and^^ a year had passed since I was here.
Despite that, I had no problems finding my way. Turned
out to be easy. Like following the trail of a shooting
star, or hoof prints in the snow. Instinctively, my
feet led me through the ranch's winding path, the
fences, the pine trees, and then into the woods.

As I walked under the canopy, memories of De-Shi flooded
my mind. The smell of his leather jacket, the dampness
of his frizzly hair, the resigned smile he gave me
whenever I complained about my blisters. Funny, memories
are intangible; you can't touch them, you can't see
them, you can't even be certain they exist. Yet they are
there, putting you together, breaking you
apart---reminding you that you're yourself and not
somebody else. But after we die, where do they go? To a
heaven reserved exclusively for memories, or to the
ground with our bodies?

Well, I was going to find out soon.

I kept treading along until I reached the cliff. It
looked completely different during the day. It looked a
lot---well, brighter, and more dazzling. I drew closer
to the edge and stood there, taking in the sight. The
shimmering ocean below. The vanishing mountains in the
horizon. The blazing sun, stationed silently in the sky.
These elements pacified me, soothed my anxiety. And
strangely, even toned down my fear of heights.

I took another step forward. Stones tumbled off the
cliff, soundlessly hitting the ground below. Yes, I was
ready to jump.

At that moment, my phone rang. Mom.

"How's everything there?" she asked.

"Um, fine. Fine." I told my mother I'd go hiking to
Yangminshan with Cath. I felt bad about lying to
her---as bad as I felt about lying to Cath. I had no
choice. They wouldn't have approved of my plan.

"What are you doing now?" she asked.

"Nothing. Just ... enjoying the scenery."

"Remember to drink enough water. Dehydration is no
joke."

"Okay."

"And to wear sunscreen. UV rays are dangerous."

"Yes, Mom."

"And to wear your Mickey Mouse cap."

I told her I was wearing it.

"And to---so, are you feeling better, sweetie? Regarding
your friend, De-Shi?"

I peered down the cliff. Deadly fall. Razor-sharp rocks.
Just as I remembered. "Yes, I think I'll be okay soon."

"That's fantastic, honey. Just remember that you have a
family that loves you and supports you. Yes, it's a
small one, but you know what they say, 'Quality over
quantity!'"

I chuckled. "Okay, Mom." Weird, her proverbs didn't
annoy me anymore. Maybe I'd miss them when I got
wherever I was going. "Anything else?"

"Just one more thing ..." A deep silence settled on the
other end of the line, so deep I could feel myself being
sucked in. Had she suspected something? Maybe God told
her everything? Maybe He'd been watching me all this
time?

"No, it's nothing," she finally said. "Just take care,
okay?"

"Okay. Bye, Mom."

"Bye, sweetie."

I hung up the phone, feeling a piercing pain in my
heart. I should have told her that I loved her, that
she'd been a terrific mother. Well, maybe it was for the
best; by taking my love with me, she'd be able to
recover quicker. At least that's what I hoped.

Another step forward. The phone rang again. Saki.

"Hey, there," she said. "I know it's a little strange for me to call."

"Oh, no. Not at all." Why did people always call on the busiest days?

"I caught you in the middle of something?"

"Well, yeah. But don't worry. I'm not in a hurry."

"I'm glad. Well, I just called to ask you something ..."

I blinked. "Sure, what it is?"

"I was wondering if---we could be friends again. I know it's very selfish from me---after all I was the one who left you. But ... I just realized how important you were to me, and how unimportant was everything else."

I managed a smile. "Sure."

"Really?"

I nodded to myself, as though trying to convience myself. "I don't care really. That's part of the past, so let's leave it there."

There was a brief silence and then Saki cried. "Thanks a lot Li-Mei. You don't know how much this means to me. It means more to me than that stupid club."

I smiled, wondering how a person without meaning could give meaning to another person. The world was indeed a strange, funny place.

"So, friends forever," Saki said.

I smiled. "Friends forever." From the other side, I added mentally.

We said goodbye and hung up the phone. My first friend, and probably the last.

I took another step. The phone---as I imagined---rang again.  Cath this time.

"Sup, Pup. Everything fine?"

"Yeah, yeah."

"Look, I know this is a 'personal spiritual retreat'.
Still, I resent your decision of not inviting me."

"Sorry," I said, "but I thought you wouldn't, uh, enjoy
it."

"You sure?"

"And I figured you'd be busy with your boyfriend. I
mean, girlfriend. That's why I---"

"It's fine," Cath purred jokingly. "I understand
loneliness. And why we need it from time to time."

"I see ..." What a relief.

"You're not doing *crazy* stuff, are you? Because if
that's the case, I'll kill you."

"N-no," I stuttered. "W-where do you get those ideas
from?"

"Experience," she said in a dead pan tone. After a few
seconds, she added, "Y'know, some say suicide is one of
the most selfish things to do."

I tried to remain calm. "You agree?"

"Kinda," Cath said with a tinge of remorse. "Not sure
who's more selfish, though. The people who commit
suicide, or the people who judge those who did it."

"So your point is---?"

"Nah, no point." She made a dragging sound. A box.
Packing things, probably. "Okay, gonna hang up. Really
hate talking on the phone. And hey, I know this is a
damn cliché, but don't forget to keep advancing, keep
moving forward."

"Sure," I said. "I will."

"All right. See ya."

As soon as we hung up, I felt a strong urge to see Cath.
If reincarnation was true and I was reborn as a lesbian,
I would definitely be with her. She understood me. More
than anyone else. Maybe only loneliness can truly
understand loneliness.

Anyway, back to business.

I dug out De-Shi's letter, which I still hadn't read. I
feared that if I opened the it, it would be like opening
a bomb, one that would blow me into countless of tiny
pieces. But I'd die anyway. What did it matter if I was
whole or scattered all around?

So I tore open the envelope and fished out the folded A4
paper inside. Apparently, De-Shi had too many thoughts
to fit on a notebook page. I spread out the letter and
began reading.

> Hey, what's up, Hanging Pup? Okay, terrible joke. The thing is, I
> don't want to write a depressing suicide note, because a) this isn't a
> suicide note and b) I'm not depressed. Yeah, I know what you're
> wondering. Then why did I do it? Sorry, but there isn't a definitive
> answer to that, just like there isn't a definitive answer to the
> question, "Why are we here?" (Or in my case, "Why I'm not here?").
> Anyway, I'm not going to talk about that 'cause, as I said, I didn't
> write this to justify my death.
>
> But to justify your life.
>
> I know it'll be hard to convince you after what I did. (Please bear
> with me. It'll be the last time you'll have to do it!) Especially after
> hearing what Miss Hsu said, that there isn't a good reason to live.
> And she's probably right. But remember this: neither did the first
> life molecule. It only came into existence because the right
> conditions presented themselves at the right time. Since I don't want
> to turn this into a biology lesson, I won't go into the details.
> That's not my goal. I want to show you the implications of this fact.
>
> Just think about it. From that little accident, that random mistake,
> sprang all the beauty in this world. The solitary hermit crabs and the
> communal jellyfish. The crooning frogs and the silent tree snakes. The
> swans gliding slowly on the ponds, the hummingbirds flapping hurriedly
> among the flowers. The exotic-looking iguanas, color-changing
> chameleons, feature-rich platypuses. The charming koalas at the zoo,
> the mysterious deer in the wild. The gray wolves, golden retrievers,
> silver foxes, black bears, white sharks. The mighty blue whales.
>
> Then you have us. Humans. A mother gazing into her baby's eyes for the
> first time. A father changing his daughter's diapers for the last
> time. A schoolgirl smelling her new books, a teacher meeting his old
> students. People finding love, people making love. A couple
> taking a hot shower together, another waking up to each other's warmth,
> another sharing chilly ice cream. A husband making his wife feel fulfilled,
> a wife making her husband feel needed. A grandfather teaching his
> granddaughter how to work with wood, a grandson teaching his
> grandmother how to use a computer.
>
> And finally you have us. You and me. Because of that microscopic
> event, you and I met. We talked in a crowded cafeteria, enjoyed a
> drink at an empty club. We went to see live animals.
> We tracked cliff-jumping cows, investigated
> bridge-leaping dogs, watched beach-stranding whales. We went to a
> colorful city by the sea. We watched a blue ocean, a red sunset, and a
> purple apocalypse. And most importantly, we looked into each other's
> worlds, and found stars in the darkest of nights.
>
> So you see, Li-Mei, life is beautiful, even if it doesn't have a
> meaning. It's still worth exploring. Its questions and solutions, its
> harmony and diversity, its tidiness and lawlesness. And who knows,
> maybe at the end of this pilgrimage you'll look back and discover
> that, without knowing it, you created meaning. Not the universal kind.
> Not the type coming from a cosmic plan. But one that only belongs to
> you, which makes it more precious. More meaningful.
>
> PS: My answer is yes. In fact, being with you would have been one of
> the best decisions of my life. Guess it's too late now. Sorry about
> that.

Closing my eyes, I let De-Shi's words seep into the
folds of my consciousness, spread throughout my entire
being. Colors, meaning, memories. As the detective had
said, De-Shi left no explanation for his death---but he
left something more important. Wit and Wisdom. Hope and
happiness. Bliss and beauty. By sacrificing himself,
like an exploding ant.

I breathed out a long sigh. Dammit, De-Shi---leaving me
alone in this long journey on Earth.

Tucking the letter back into my pocket, I turned around
and started back into the woods.

I made it. I survived.

At least for now.
